
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_taskPaneContainer
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:31	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:34	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:34	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:42	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:42	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:43	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:43	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:44	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:44	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:53	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_chkPermissibleValues
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:59	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_radioConceptCode
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:66	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:133	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:171	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchTargetStatus
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:256	Avoid variables with short names like ie
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:256	Avoid variables with short names like ie
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:256	Parameter 'ie' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:259	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:262	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:278	Avoid unused local variables such as 'control'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:278	Avoid unused local variables such as 'control'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractAdvancedSearchPanel.java:278	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractCategorySearchPanel.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractCategorySearchPanel.java:23	Perhaps 'm_searchPanel' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractCategorySearchPanel.java:33	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractCategorySearchPanel.java:46	Parameter 'addLimitPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:2	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Color'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:2	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Color'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:12	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.swing.JOptionPane'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:12	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.swing.JOptionPane'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:49	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:49	Private field 'm_addLimitPanel' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:55	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:57	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:60	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:63	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:69	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:82	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:109	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:110	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:164	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'resultPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:164	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'resultPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:164	Parameter 'resultPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:170	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'errorPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:170	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'errorPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:170	Parameter 'errorPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:183	Parameter 'resultPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:199	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:201	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:206	Avoid variables with short names like ae
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:206	Avoid variables with short names like ae
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:206	Parameter 'ae' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:214	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchTargetStatus
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:217	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchPanel.java:278	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:15	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jdesktop.swingx.JXErrorDialog'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:15	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jdesktop.swingx.JXErrorDialog'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:35	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.errorcodes.ErrorCodeHandler'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:35	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.errorcodes.ErrorCodeHandler'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:58	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:58	Perhaps 'm_resultsPage' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:61	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:74	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:90	Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:99	Avoid excessively long variable names like pageElementCollection
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:99	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:99	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:99	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:99	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:100	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:105	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:110	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:112	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:118	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:148	Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:157	System.arrayCopy is more efficient
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:157	System.arrayCopy is more efficient
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:217	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:232	System.arrayCopy is more efficient
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:232	System.arrayCopy is more efficient
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:254	Parameter 'componentPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:254	Parameter 'entity' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:278	The String literal "Error" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 278
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:278	The String literal "Error" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 278
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:281	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:281	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:281	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:281	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:308	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:324	Parameter 'attributeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:367	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:381	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AbstractSearchResultPanel.java:426	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitAdvancedSearchPanel.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.BorderLayout'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitAdvancedSearchPanel.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.BorderLayout'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitAdvancedSearchPanel.java:5	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Dimension'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitAdvancedSearchPanel.java:5	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Dimension'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitAdvancedSearchPanel.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.GridLayout'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitAdvancedSearchPanel.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.GridLayout'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitAdvancedSearchPanel.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.client.ui.controls.Cab2bLabel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitAdvancedSearchPanel.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.client.ui.controls.Cab2bLabel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitAdvancedSearchPanel.java:11	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.client.ui.controls.Cab2bPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitAdvancedSearchPanel.java:11	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.client.ui.controls.Cab2bPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitCategorySearchPanel.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.BorderLayout'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitCategorySearchPanel.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.BorderLayout'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitCategorySearchPanel.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jdesktop.swingx.JXPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitCategorySearchPanel.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jdesktop.swingx.JXPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitCategorySearchPanel.java:42	Parameter 'addLimitPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:31	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.ejb.path.PathFinderBusinessInterface'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:31	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.ejb.path.PathFinderBusinessInterface'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:32	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.ejb.path.PathFinderHomeInterface'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:32	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.ejb.path.PathFinderHomeInterface'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:53	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:55	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_searchResultPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:55	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:55	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:58	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:58	Perhaps 'm_scrollPane' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:61	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_ContentForTopPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:61	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:64	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:64	Perhaps 'categSearchPanel' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:67	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_bottomCenterPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:67	Perhaps 'm_bottomCenterPanel' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:70	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_contentForBottomCenterPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:73	Perhaps 'm_innerPane' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:76	Perhaps 'm_outerPane' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:78	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_currentExpressionEdit
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:84	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:118	Avoid variables with short names like gp
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:118	Avoid variables with short names like gp
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:118	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:149	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:159	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:185	Parameter 'panelToBeRefreshed' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:186	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:194	Parameter 'expressionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:222	Parameter 'arrPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:222	Parameter 'strClassNameAsTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:229	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:238	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:254	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:262	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:304	Use equals() to compare object references.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:304	Use equals() to compare object references.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitPanel.java:315	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitSearchPanel.java:67	Parameter 'addLimitPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitSearchPanel.java:67	Parameter 'dummySrhResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitSearchResultPanel.java:48	Parameter 'componentPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AddLimitSearchResultPanel.java:48	Parameter 'strClassName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:17	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domaininterface.AttributeInterface'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:17	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domaininterface.AttributeInterface'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:50	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_searchCenterPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:50	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:50	Private field 'm_searchCenterPanel' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:53	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:53	Perhaps 'm_resultsPage' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:56	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:56	Perhaps 'm_rootEntity' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:56	Private field 'm_rootEntity' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:61	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:67	Avoid really long methods.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:76	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:78	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:86	Avoid excessively long variable names like pageElementCollection
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:86	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:86	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:86	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:86	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:90	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:96	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:108	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:158	Avoid unused local variables such as 'rootExpressionID'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:158	Avoid unused local variables such as 'rootExpressionID'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:180	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:186	Avoid variables with short names like ie
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:186	Avoid variables with short names like ie
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:192	Avoid excessively long variable names like userSelectionOfEntity
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:202	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultSelectionOfEntity
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:212	Parameter 'targetEntityName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:214	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetEntityInterface
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:238	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:238	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:240	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:240	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:240	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:240	Parameter 'queryBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:242	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:242	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:242	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:279	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:294	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/AdvancedDefineViewPanel.java:310	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryAdvancedSearchPanel.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.BorderLayout'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryAdvancedSearchPanel.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.BorderLayout'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryAdvancedSearchPanel.java:5	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Dimension'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryAdvancedSearchPanel.java:5	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Dimension'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryAdvancedSearchPanel.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.GridLayout'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryAdvancedSearchPanel.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.GridLayout'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryAdvancedSearchPanel.java:9	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.client.ui.controls.Cab2bPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryAdvancedSearchPanel.java:9	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.client.ui.controls.Cab2bPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryAdvancedSearchPanel.java:25	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryAdvancedSearchPanel.java:25	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryAdvancedSearchPanel.java:50	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryCategorySearchPanel.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jdesktop.swingx.JXPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryCategorySearchPanel.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jdesktop.swingx.JXPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryCategorySearchPanel.java:41	Avoid excessively long variable names like chooseCategoryPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryCategorySearchPanel.java:41	Parameter 'chooseCategoryPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryPanel.java:34	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryPanel.java:36	Overridable method 'initGUI' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryPanel.java:50	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryPanel.java:58	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryPanel.java:60	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryPanel.java:74	Parameter 'arrPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryPanel.java:74	Parameter 'strClassName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryPanel.java:86	Parameter 'panel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryPanel.java:96	Parameter 'expressionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryPanel.java:98	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryPanel.java:99	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategoryPanel.java:113	Parameter 'searchResultPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategorySearchPanel.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jdesktop.swingx.JXPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategorySearchPanel.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jdesktop.swingx.JXPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategorySearchPanel.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like chooseCategoryPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategorySearchPanel.java:73	Parameter 'addLimitPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategorySearchPanel.java:73	Parameter 'searchResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategorySearchResultPanel.java:64	Parameter 'componentPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategorySearchResultPanel.java:64	Parameter 'strClassName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategorySearchResultPanel.java:75	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ChooseCategorySearchResultPanel.java:79	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ContentPanel.java:10	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/ContentPanel.java:10	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/CustomBorder.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.logger.Logger'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/CustomBorder.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.logger.Logger'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/CustomBorder.java:12	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/CustomBorder.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/CustomBorder.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/CustomBorder.java:15	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/CustomBorder.java:25	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/CustomBorder.java:25	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/CustomBorder.java:25	Avoid variables with short names like g
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/CustomBorder.java:25	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/CustomBorder.java:25	Parameter 'g' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/CustomBorder.java:25	Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/CustomBorder.java:25	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:37	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:71	Parameter 'newColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:87	Parameter 'newColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:118	Avoid variables with short names like p
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:118	Avoid variables with short names like p
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:118	Parameter 'but' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:118	Parameter 'gbc' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:118	Parameter 'gbl' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:119	Avoid really long parameter lists.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:119	Avoid variables with short names like gh
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:119	Avoid variables with short names like gh
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:119	Avoid variables with short names like gw
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:149	Avoid really long parameter lists.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:159	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:160	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:162	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:184	Avoid really long parameter lists.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:213	Avoid really long parameter lists.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:246	Avoid really long parameter lists.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:291	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:293	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:295	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:357	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:509	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:577	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/GBLHelper.java:937	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/IRuleDisplayComponent.java:22	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/IRuleDisplayComponent.java:22	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/IRuleDisplayComponent.java:28	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/IRuleDisplayComponent.java:28	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/IUpdateAddLimitUIInterface.java:8	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/IUpdateAddLimitUIInterface.java:8	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/IUpdateAddLimitUIInterface.java:9	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/IUpdateAddLimitUIInterface.java:9	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:35	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:35	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:37	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:37	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:42	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:62	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:66	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:68	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:72	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:73	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:75	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:81	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:97	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:97	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:101	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:101	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:105	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:105	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:109	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:109	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:130	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/LookAndFeelSelectionPanel.java:134	Avoid excessively long variable names like lAndFSelctionPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/MainSearchPanel.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/MainSearchPanel.java:23	Private field 'm_TopLabelPanel' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/MainSearchPanel.java:26	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/MainSearchPanel.java:26	Private field 'm_CenterPanel' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/MainSearchPanel.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/MainSearchPanel.java:29	Private field 'm_BottomPanel' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/MainSearchPanel.java:48	Parameter 'queryObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/MainSearchPanel.java:88	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/MainSearchPanel.java:106	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/MainSearchPanel.java:109	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/MainSearchPanel.java:113	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:43	The class 'RiverLayout' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:59	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:59	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:60	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:60	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:61	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:62	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:63	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:64	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:71	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:74	Overridable method 'setExtraInsets' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:87	Parameter 'hgap' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:102	Parameter 'newExtraInsets' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:106	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:107	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:118	Parameter 'vgap' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:127	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:142	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:156	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:157	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:157	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:158	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:159	Avoid using while statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:160	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:160	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:168	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:171	Avoid variables with short names like x
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:171	Avoid variables with short names like x
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:174	Avoid variables with short names like m
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:174	Avoid variables with short names like m
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:180	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:185	Avoid variables with short names like d
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:207	Avoid excessively long variable names like firstVisibleComponent
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:218	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:219	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:221	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:258	Avoid excessively long variable names like firstVisibleComponent
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:269	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:270	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:304	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'x'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:304	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'x'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:304	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'x'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:304	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'x'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:304	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'x'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:308	Switch statements should have a default label
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:308	Switch statements should have a default label
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:329	Use equals() to compare object references.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:329	Use equals() to compare object references.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:358	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:359	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:361	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:374	The method 'layoutContainer' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:401	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:425	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:457	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:458	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:458	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:458	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:458	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:458	Private field 'tabs' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:458	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:458	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:461	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:461	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:467	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:467	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:478	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer constructor or append()
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:478	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer constructor or append()
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:492	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:492	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:494	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:494	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RiverLayout.java:495	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RuleDisplayComponent.java:32	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RuleDisplayComponent.java:32	Private field 'm_Name' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RuleDisplayComponent.java:37	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RuleDisplayComponent.java:37	Private field 'm_Conditions' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/RuleDisplayComponent.java:43	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:51	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:51	Perhaps 'titleLabel' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:52	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:52	Perhaps 'descLabel' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:53	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:54	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:55	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:55	Perhaps 'cancelButton' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:56	Perhaps 'saveButton' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:57	Perhaps 'centerPanel' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:62	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:67	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:72	Avoid really long methods.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:107	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:109	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataListAnnotation
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:109	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:117	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:181	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:187	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:247	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SaveDatalistPanel.java:257	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:11	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.logger.Logger'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:11	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.logger.Logger'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:26	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_strIdentifierChooseCateglbl
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_strIdentifierAddLimitlbl
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:35	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_strDefineSearchResultslbl
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_strViewSearchResultslbl
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:46	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_iCurrentlySelectedCard
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:46	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:46	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:46	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:48	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:54	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:54	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:54	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:54	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:54	Private field 'm_vIdentifiers' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:54	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:54	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:98	Parameter 'iSelectedCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:107	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:122	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchCenterPanel.java:150	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchDialogBorder.java:18	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchDialogBorder.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchDialogBorder.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchDialogBorder.java:22	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchDialogBorder.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchDialogBorder.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchDialogBorder.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like g
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchDialogBorder.java:31	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchDialogBorder.java:31	Parameter 'g' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchDialogBorder.java:31	Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchDialogBorder.java:31	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:37	The class 'SearchNavigationPanel' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 24).
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:40	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:40	Private field 'm_mainSearchPanel' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:43	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:44	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:47	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:48	Avoid excessively long variable names like saveDataListButton
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:48	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:49	Avoid excessively long variable names like addToExperimentButton
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:52	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:63	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:99	Avoid really long methods.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:99	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:99	The method 'actionPerformed' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:101	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:102	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:102	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:106	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:109	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:109	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:113	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:115	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:120	Avoid excessively long variable names like newExperimentDetailsPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:120	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:124	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:134	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:194	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:216	Avoid excessively long variable names like viewSearchResultsPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:317	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:328	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:328	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchNavigationPanel.java:337	Parameter 'blnNext' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchTopPanel.java:26	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchTopPanel.java:30	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchTopPanel.java:40	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchTopPanel.java:46	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchTopPanel.java:55	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchTopPanel.java:58	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchTopPanel.java:70	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchTopPanel.java:73	Avoid excessively long variable names like subDefineViewPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchTopPanel.java:87	Avoid excessively long variable names like subViewResultsPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchTopPanel.java:124	Parameter 'blnForward' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/SearchTopPanel.java:124	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:8	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Cursor'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:8	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Cursor'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:16	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:16	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:17	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.datatransfer.DataFlavor'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:17	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.datatransfer.DataFlavor'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:18	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.datatransfer.StringSelection'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:18	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.datatransfer.StringSelection'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:19	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.datatransfer.UnsupportedFlavorException'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:19	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.datatransfer.UnsupportedFlavorException'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:44	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:56	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultPreferredSizeForDialog
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:102	Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:102	Parameter 'height' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:102	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:102	Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:103	Parameter 'bgColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:105	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:112	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:112	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:119	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:119	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:128	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:142	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:158	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:161	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:162	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'frame'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:175	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:282	Avoid variables with short names like y
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:282	Avoid variables with short names like y
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:283	Avoid variables with short names like x
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:283	Avoid variables with short names like x
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:297	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:312	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:361	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:363	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:379	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:381	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:415	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'c'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:417	Avoid assigments in operands
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:417	Avoid using while statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:418	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:419	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:437	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:438	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:523	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:554	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:578	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/WindowUtilities.java:578	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/AttributeInterfaceComparator.java:7	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/AttributeInterfaceComparator.java:9	Parameter 'attribute1' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/AttributeInterfaceComparator.java:9	Parameter 'attribute2' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/AttributeInterfaceComparator.java:11	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/AttributeInterfaceComparator.java:12	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/AttributeInterfaceComparator.java:13	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/AttributeInterfaceComparator.java:13	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bBasicButtonUI.java:13	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bBasicButtonUI.java:13	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bBasicButtonUI.java:13	Document empty constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bBasicButtonUI.java:13	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bBasicButtonUI.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like b
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bBasicButtonUI.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like b
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bBasicButtonUI.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like g
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bBasicButtonUI.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like g
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bBasicButtonUI.java:18	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bBasicButtonUI.java:18	Parameter 'g' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bBasicButtonUI.java:18	Parameter 'textRect' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bBasicButtonUI.java:18	Parameter 'viewRect' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bBasicButtonUI.java:19	Parameter 'iconRect' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bButton.java:37	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBox.java:11	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBox.java:28	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'bgColor'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBox.java:28	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'bgColor'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Color'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Color'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:13	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.swing.UIManager'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:13	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.swing.UIManager'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:40	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:40	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name with the same name as a method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:45	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:53	Parameter 'table' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:53	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:54	Parameter 'column' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:54	Parameter 'hasFocus' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:54	Parameter 'isSelected' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:59	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:90	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:90	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:100	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:101	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:102	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:103	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:113	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:113	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:120	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:126	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:131	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bCheckBoxHeader.java:135	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bComboBox.java:13	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bComboBox.java:13	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bComboBox.java:15	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bComboBox.java:29	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bComboBox.java:29	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bComboBox.java:29	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDatePicker.java:9	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDatePicker.java:9	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:8	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:8	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:8	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:8	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:18	Overridable method 'setDataVector' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:26	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:26	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:26	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:26	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:26	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:26	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:30	Overridable method 'setDataVector' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:37	Parameter 'col' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:37	Parameter 'row' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:41	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:43	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning a boolean
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:43	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning a boolean
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:45	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:49	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:61	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:61	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:63	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:63	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:63	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:63	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:64	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:64	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:67	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:68	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:70	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:70	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:81	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:84	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:84	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:84	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:94	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:97	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:97	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:97	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:106	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:106	Parameter 'header' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:109	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:111	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:111	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:115	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:115	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:116	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:116	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:143	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:143	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:143	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bDefaultTableModel.java:147	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFileFilter.java:9	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFileFilter.java:9	Private field 'm_extensions' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFileFilter.java:11	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFileFilter.java:16	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFileFilter.java:20	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFileFilter.java:22	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFileFilter.java:25	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFileFilter.java:28	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFileFilter.java:29	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFileFilter.java:39	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:36	Avoid unused private fields such as 'numberFormatter'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:36	Avoid unused private fields such as 'numberFormatter'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:36	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:36	Perhaps 'numberFormatter' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:37	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:39	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:42	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:42	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:48	Avoid excessively long variable names like WHOLE_NUMBER_FIELD
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:51	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTEGER_NUMBER_FIELD
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:54	Avoid excessively long variable names like FLOAT_NUMBER_FIELD
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:60	Avoid excessively long variable names like ALPHA_NUMERIC_FIELD
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:63	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:63	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:63	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:71	Parameter 'commaAllowed' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:75	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:122	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:128	Parameter 'character' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:128	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:132	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:136	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:144	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:149	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:151	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:156	The String literal "tab" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 156
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:156	The String literal "tab" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 156
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:181	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:181	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:200	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:203	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:203	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:205	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:205	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:206	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:206	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:207	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:225	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:227	Avoid variables with short names like a
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:227	Avoid variables with short names like a
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:227	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:229	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:231	Avoid variables with short names like j
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:239	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:253	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:265	Avoid excessively long variable names like singleOccurenceOfDeciPoint
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:271	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:272	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:287	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:300	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:314	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:324	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:337	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:344	Avoid unused local variables such as 'userEnteredDate'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:344	Avoid unused local variables such as 'userEnteredDate'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:362	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:362	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:366	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:368	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:370	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bFormattedTextField.java:375	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlink.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_clickedHyperlinkColor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlink.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_unclickedHyperlinkColor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlink.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_isHyperlinkUnderlined
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlink.java:31	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlink.java:31	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlink.java:31	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlink.java:31	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlink.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like isHyperlinkUnderlined
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlink.java:54	Avoid excessively long variable names like isHyperlinkUnderlined
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlink.java:67	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlink.java:82	Parameter 'userObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlink.java:87	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlink.java:89	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:19	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:19	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:24	Avoid variables with short names like b
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:24	Avoid variables with short names like b
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:24	Avoid variables with short names like g
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:24	Avoid variables with short names like g
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:24	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:24	Parameter 'g' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:24	Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:24	Parameter 'textRect' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:33	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'b'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:33	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'b'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:33	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'text'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:33	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'text'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:33	Avoid variables with short names like b
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:33	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:35	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bHyperlinkUI.java:36	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bLabel.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Dimension'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bLabel.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Dimension'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bLabel.java:13	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bLabel.java:25	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'alignment'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bLabel.java:25	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'alignment'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bListBox.java:16	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bListBox.java:16	Private field 'm_list' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bListBox.java:32	Overridable method 'setComponentSize' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bListBox.java:42	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bListBox.java:43	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bListBox.java:73	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bListBox.java:75	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bListBox.java:79	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bListBox.java:92	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bListBox.java:94	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bListBox.java:95	The String literal "String" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 95
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bListBox.java:95	The String literal "String" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 95
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bPanel.java:19	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bPanel.java:26	Avoid variables with short names like lm
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bPanel.java:26	Avoid variables with short names like lm
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bPanel.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like lm
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bPanel.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like lm
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bPanel.java:36	Avoid variables with short names like lm
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bPanel.java:43	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bPanel.java:45	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bPanel.java:48	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bPanel.java:52	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bPanel.java:56	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bPanel.java:60	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bPanel.java:70	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bRadioButton.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Dimension'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bRadioButton.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Dimension'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bRadioButton.java:12	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bStandardFonts.java:6	An Interface should be used only to model a behaviour; consider converting this to a class.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bStandardFonts.java:9	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bStandardFonts.java:9	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bStandardFonts.java:9	The String literal "arial" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 9
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bStandardFonts.java:9	The String literal "arial" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 9
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bStandardFonts.java:11	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bStandardFonts.java:11	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bStandardFonts.java:13	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:16	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:39	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:45	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:45	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:45	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:67	Parameter 'pane' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:72	Parameter 'tabPlacement' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:77	Parameter 'fontHeight' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:77	Parameter 'tabIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:101	Avoid variables with short names like g
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:101	Avoid variables with short names like g
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:101	Avoid variables with short names like h
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:103	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:166	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:166	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:176	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:181	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:186	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:199	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:226	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTabbedPaneUI.java:229	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:16	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:16	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:16	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:16	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:27	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:30	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:37	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:37	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:37	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:37	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:37	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:37	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:49	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:49	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:51	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:53	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:64	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:67	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:68	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:70	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:88	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:88	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:96	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:96	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:96	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:99	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTable.java:99	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTextField.java:11	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTextField.java:11	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTitledPanel.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Component'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTitledPanel.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Component'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTitledPanel.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Insets'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTitledPanel.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Insets'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTitledPanel.java:20	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTitledPanel.java:82	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTitledPanel.java:84	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTitledPanel.java:87	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTitledPanel.java:92	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/Cab2bTitledPanel.java:102	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:8	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:8	Private field 'm_columnNames' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:9	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:11	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:25	Parameter 'col' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:29	Parameter 'col' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:29	Parameter 'row' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:40	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:40	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:40	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:49	Parameter 'col' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:52	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning a boolean
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:52	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning a boolean
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:54	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:64	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:64	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:64	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:64	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:67	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:68	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:70	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:70	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:90	Avoid unused private methods such as 'printDebugData()'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:90	Avoid unused private methods such as 'printDebugData()'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:91	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:92	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:95	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:95	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:97	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:97	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CheckBoxTableModel.java:99	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:51	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:59	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:59	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:63	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:63	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:67	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:67	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:71	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:71	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:74	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:77	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:78	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:82	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:85	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:116	The String literal "Center" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 116
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:116	The String literal "Center" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 116
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:140	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:202	Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CollapsibleAtWork.java:208	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:24	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:24	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:25	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:25	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:26	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:26	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:27	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name with the same name as a method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:27	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:28	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:30	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:37	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:50	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:50	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:50	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:55	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:55	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:55	Avoid variables with short names like g
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:55	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:55	Parameter 'g' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:55	Parameter 'height' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:55	Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/CustomizableBorder.java:85	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/DynList.java:13	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/DynList.java:13	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:8	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:10	Parameter 'entity1' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:10	Parameter 'entity2' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:12	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:13	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:14	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:15	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:18	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:18	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:20	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:20	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:20	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:23	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:25	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:27	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:29	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:35	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/EntityInterfaceComparator.java:35	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IDialogInterface.java:7	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IDialogInterface.java:7	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IconButton.java:13	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IconButton.java:13	Private field 'm_normalIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IconButton.java:14	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IconButton.java:14	Private field 'm_moIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IconButton.java:16	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IconButton.java:25	Parameter 'image' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IconButton.java:30	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IconButton.java:31	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IconButton.java:35	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IconButton.java:40	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IconButton.java:45	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IconButton.java:45	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/IconButton.java:49	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/PermissibleValueComparator.java:7	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/PermissibleValueComparator.java:9	Parameter 'permissibleValue1' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/PermissibleValueComparator.java:9	Parameter 'permissibleValue2' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/PermissibleValueComparator.java:12	Avoid excessively long variable names like permissibleValue11
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/PermissibleValueComparator.java:12	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/PermissibleValueComparator.java:13	Avoid excessively long variable names like permissibleValue22
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/PermissibleValueComparator.java:13	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/PermissibleValueComparator.java:14	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/PermissibleValueComparator.java:15	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/PermissibleValueComparator.java:16	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/PermissibleValueComparator.java:16	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:74	Avoid excessively long variable names like titleBackgroundColor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:75	Avoid excessively long variable names like titleForegroundColor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:77	Avoid unused private fields such as 'separatorBorder'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:77	Avoid unused private fields such as 'separatorBorder'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:77	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:77	Perhaps 'separatorBorder' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:77	Private field 'separatorBorder' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:79	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:86	Overridable method 'setTitleForegroundColor' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:87	Overridable method 'setTitleBackgroundColor' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:89	Overridable method 'setSeparatorColor' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:97	Parameter 'separatorColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:107	Avoid excessively long variable names like titleForegroundColor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:107	Parameter 'titleForegroundColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:117	Avoid excessively long variable names like titleBackgroundColor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:117	Parameter 'titleBackgroundColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:128	Parameter 'component' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:128	Parameter 'iconFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:133	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:141	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:143	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:173	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:198	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:201	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:201	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:206	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:206	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:223	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:236	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:236	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:238	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:238	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:240	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:240	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:242	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:242	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:244	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:246	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:269	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:270	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:314	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:316	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:337	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:342	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:347	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:352	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/StackedBox.java:358	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaEditor.java:19	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaEditor.java:21	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:10	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:10	Perhaps 'adaptee' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:13	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:15	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:21	Parameter 'isSelected' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:21	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:21	Parameter 'table' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:22	Parameter 'column' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:22	Parameter 'hasFocus' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:34	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:54	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:57	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:59	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:59	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:70	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:73	Avoid variables with short names like tc
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:73	Avoid variables with short names like tc
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:73	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:74	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:77	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:88	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:88	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:89	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:90	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/controls/TextAreaRenderer.java:90	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:22	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:24	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:24	Private field 'm_associationList' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:26	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_associationToLogicalOperatorMap
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:26	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:26	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:26	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:26	Private field 'm_associationToLogicalOperatorMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_associationToPortMap
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:28	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:28	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:28	Private field 'm_associationToPortMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_associationToPathMap
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:30	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:30	Private field 'm_associationToPathMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_associationToIntermediateExpressionIdsMap
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:32	Private field 'm_associationToIntermediateExpressionIdsMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:35	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_OperatorBetweenAttrAndAss
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:39	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:49	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:59	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:63	Parameter 'expressionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:63	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:68	Parameter 'expressionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:168	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:170	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:170	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:172	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:181	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:181	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:181	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:181	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 62 characters appended
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:182	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:183	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:185	StringBuffer.append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single String.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:189	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:190	StringBuffer.append is called 3 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single String.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:194	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:194	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:194	StringBuffer.append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single String.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:197	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:197	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:208	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:210	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNode.java:221	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:26	Too many fields
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:31	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:31	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:31	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:31	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:31	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:32	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:32	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:36	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:36	Perhaps 'layers' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:36	Private field 'layers' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:37	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:37	Private field 'helper' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:39	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:40	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:41	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:46	This final field could be made static
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:52	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_AssToOperatermap
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:52	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:52	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:52	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:54	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'node'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:54	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'node'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:59	Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:59	Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:63	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:71	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:76	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:102	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:104	Returning 'layers' may expose an internal array
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:107	Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:107	Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:110	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:118	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:118	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:120	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:140	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:144	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:145	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:148	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:149	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:154	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:167	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:167	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:184	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:208	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:215	Avoid excessively long variable names like allActiveRectangles
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:216	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:235	System.arrayCopy is more efficient
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:235	System.arrayCopy is more efficient
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:251	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'gr'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:251	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'gr'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:251	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:269	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:274	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:292	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:332	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:405	Avoid really long methods.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:457	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:554	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'currY'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:633	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:651	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:654	These nested if statements could be combined
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:656	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:677	Use bitwise inversion to invert boolean values
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:678	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:699	These nested if statements could be combined
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ClassNodeRenderer.java:706	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:26	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:26	Perhaps 'm_selectToolB' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_parenthesisToolB
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:28	Perhaps 'm_parenthesisToolB' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:34	Private field 'm_parentPanel' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:35	Private field 'm_dagImageMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:40	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:49	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:68	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:74	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:94	Avoid variables with short names like g
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:94	Avoid variables with short names like g
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:94	Parameter 'g' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:96	Avoid variables with short names like gd
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:96	Avoid variables with short names like gd
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:96	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:98	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DagControlPanel.java:106	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DocumentRenderer.java:18	Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DocumentRenderer.java:23	Overriding method merely calls super
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DocumentRenderer.java:23	Overriding method merely calls super
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DocumentRenderer.java:23	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DocumentRenderer.java:29	Overriding method merely calls super
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DocumentRenderer.java:29	Overriding method merely calls super
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/DocumentRenderer.java:29	Parameter 'link' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/EventHandler.java:17	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/EventHandler.java:17	Private field 'm_dagPanel' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/EventHandler.java:19	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/EventHandler.java:24	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/EventHandler.java:24	Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/EventHandler.java:30	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/EventHandler.java:36	Parameter 'sourcePort' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/EventHandler.java:36	Parameter 'targetPort' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/EventHandler.java:37	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ExpressionPanel.java:14	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ExpressionPanel.java:14	Private field 'label' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ExpressionPanel.java:16	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ExpressionPanel.java:30	Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/GenericNode.java:9	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/GenericNode.java:9	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/GenericNode.java:11	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/GenericNode.java:11	Perhaps 'lastID' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/GenericNode.java:13	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:24	The class 'IconNodeRenderer' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like colorFontShadowSelected
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:33	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:33	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:33	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:33	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:33	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:34	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:34	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:38	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:38	Perhaps 'layers' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:38	Private field 'layers' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:41	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:41	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:59	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:62	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:63	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:65	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'node'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:65	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'node'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:70	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:70	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:70	Parameter 'gr' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:70	Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:71	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:74	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:74	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:75	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:76	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:78	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:80	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:81	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:83	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:84	Use equals() to compare object references.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:84	Use equals() to compare object references.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:87	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:89	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:96	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:96	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:96	Parameter 'gr' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:96	Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:106	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:107	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:111	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:133	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:135	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:150	Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:155	Returning 'layers' may expose an internal array
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:158	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:172	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:193	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:222	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:223	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:229	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:268	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'yy'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:268	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'yy'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:268	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'yy'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:268	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'yy'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:268	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'yy'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconNodeRenderer.java:268	The method 'drawAttributes' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:13	Avoid excessively long variable names like leftsidePortDriver
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:13	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:13	Private field 'leftsidePortDriver' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:14	Avoid excessively long variable names like rightSidePortDriver
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:14	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:14	Private field 'rightSidePortDriver' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:15	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:15	Private field 'helper' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:16	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:16	Private field 'port' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:18	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:18	Perhaps 'isDefaultResolved' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:19	Perhaps 'isDefault' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:39	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:39	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:39	Parameter 'gr' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:39	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:42	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:44	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:47	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:52	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:52	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:52	Parameter 'gr' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:52	Parameter 'layer' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:66	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:66	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:68	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:73	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/IconPortRenderer.java:73	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:33	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.ejb.path.PathFinderBusinessInterface'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:33	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.ejb.path.PathFinderBusinessInterface'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:45	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:45	Perhaps 'm_view' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:46	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:46	Private field 'm_document' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:47	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:47	Perhaps 'm_controlPanel' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:48	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:49	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:49	Private field 'm_eventHandler' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:50	Private field 'm_viewController' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:51	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_documentRenderer
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:51	Private field 'm_documentRenderer' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:52	Private field 'm_addLimitPanel' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:64	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:77	Parameter 'queryObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:100	Parameter 'expressionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:102	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:103	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:104	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:118	Avoid excessively long variable names like expressionIdString
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:118	Parameter 'expressionIdString' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:120	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:121	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:129	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:149	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:165	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:167	The String literal "Connect Nodes warning" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 167
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:167	The String literal "Connect Nodes warning" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 167
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:179	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:195	Parameter 'destNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:228	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:295	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:321	Method name does not begin with a lower case character.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:321	Method name does not begin with a lower case character.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:324	Avoid excessively long variable names like intermediateExpressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:484	Avoid excessively long variable names like expressionToStringMap
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:485	Avoid excessively long variable names like expressionsCovered
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:493	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:493	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:493	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 55 characters appended
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:500	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:504	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:504	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:505	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:505	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:536	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:536	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:536	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:536	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:536	Method name does not begin with a lower case character.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:536	Method name does not begin with a lower case character.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:539	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:539	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:544	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:544	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:553	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:553	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:553	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:555	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:591	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:602	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:602	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/MainDagPanel.java:604	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/OrthogonalLinkRouterLinkRenderer.java:11	Avoid unused private fields such as 'router'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/OrthogonalLinkRouterLinkRenderer.java:11	Avoid unused private fields such as 'router'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/OrthogonalLinkRouterLinkRenderer.java:11	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/OrthogonalLinkRouterLinkRenderer.java:11	Perhaps 'router' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/OrthogonalLinkRouterLinkRenderer.java:11	Private field 'router' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/OrthogonalLinkRouterLinkRenderer.java:18	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/OrthogonalLinkRouterLinkRenderer.java:18	Parameter 'bounds' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/OrthogonalLinkRouterLinkRenderer.java:18	Parameter 'link' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/OrthogonalLinkRouterLinkRenderer.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/OrthogonalLinkRouterLinkRenderer.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/OrthogonalLinkRouterLinkRenderer.java:22	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/OrthogonalLinkRouterLinkRenderer.java:22	Parameter 'gr' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/OrthogonalLinkRouterLinkRenderer.java:22	Parameter 'link' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:30	No need to import a type that's in the same package
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:30	No need to import a type that's in the same package
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:31	No need to import a type that's in the same package
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:31	No need to import a type that's in the same package
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:32	No need to import a type that's in the same package
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like PAPER_HEADER_DEFAULT_HEIGHT
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:43	Avoid excessively long variable names like colorPaperTopLabel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like colorPaperGridPoint
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:46	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectionBackground
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:47	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectionForeground
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:51	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:51	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:51	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:51	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:52	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:52	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:52	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:52	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:52	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:52	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:52	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:52	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:53	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:53	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:53	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:53	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:54	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:55	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:56	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:56	Private field 'm_portImage' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:58	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:58	Perhaps 'nodesLayouter' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:60	Parameter 'helper' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:63	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:64	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:66	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:70	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:81	Parameter 'helper' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:86	Parameter 'helper' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:90	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:94	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:99	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:99	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:99	Parameter 'gr' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:101	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:107	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:107	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:109	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:132	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:134	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:145	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:154	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:155	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:162	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:163	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:167	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:168	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:190	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:191	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:196	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleDocumentRenderer.java:259	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:14	The class 'SimpleLinkRenderer' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like disableAntialiasing
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:16	Variables that are final and static should be in all caps. variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:16	Variables that are final and static should be in all caps. variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like colorLinkHighlighted
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:24	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAYER_SELECTED_PORTS
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:31	Perhaps 'layers' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:33	Private field 'helper' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:35	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'link'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:35	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'link'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:40	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:40	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:40	Parameter 'gr' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:40	Parameter 'link' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:42	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:43	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:47	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:60	Parameter 'bounds' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:60	Parameter 'link' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:61	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:64	Parameter 'link' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:65	Returning 'layers' may expose an internal array
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:68	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:68	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:68	The method 'renderLink' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:84	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:84	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:86	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:86	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:105	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:106	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:121	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:122	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:127	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:131	The method 'paintLinkWithCorners' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:132	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:150	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:154	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimpleLinkRenderer.java:206	Avoid excessively long variable names like originalAntialiasingRenderingHint
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:12	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.openide.util.Utilities'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:12	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.openide.util.Utilities'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:17	The class 'SimplePortRenderer' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:20	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:20	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:21	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:21	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:22	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:26	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:26	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:26	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:26	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:26	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:30	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:32	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:34	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:35	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:37	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:37	Private field 'portRect' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:38	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:38	Private field 'textRect' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:45	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'port'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:45	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'port'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:55	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:55	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:55	Parameter 'gr' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:55	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:58	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:60	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:63	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:63	Avoid variables with short names like dn
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:63	Avoid variables with short names like dn
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:63	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:65	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:68	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:69	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:70	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:75	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:77	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:87	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:89	Returning 'layers' may expose an internal array
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:92	Avoid variables with short names like gr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:92	Parameter 'gr' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:92	Parameter 'layer' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:95	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:141	The method 'getEditor' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:147	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:152	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/SimplePortRenderer.java:190	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/TestApplet.java:5	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:27	Private field 'singleNodePopup' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:28	Private field 'miDelete' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:29	Private field 'miEditProp' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:30	Perhaps 'miViewAssProp' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:30	Private field 'miViewAssProp' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_logicalOperatorMenu
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:32	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:32	Private field 'm_logicalOperatorMenu' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:42	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:73	Parameter 'keyCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:73	Parameter 'modifiersEx' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:77	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:78	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:79	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:111	Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:113	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:138	Parameter 'link' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:140	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:187	Parameter 'component' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:189	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:195	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:200	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:202	Avoid variables with short names like r
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:202	Avoid variables with short names like r
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:205	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ViewController.java:236	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityObject.java:7	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityObject.java:8	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityObject.java:10	Document empty constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityObject.java:21	Parameter 'entity' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityObject.java:29	Parameter 'entity' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:44	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:44	Perhaps 'splitPanel' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:49	Avoid excessively long variable names like availablePathsPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:49	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:49	Perhaps 'availablePathsPanel' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:54	Avoid excessively long variable names like diagrammaticPreviewPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:54	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:54	Perhaps 'diagrammaticPreviewPanel' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:59	Avoid unused private fields such as 'srcTarCollection'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:59	Avoid unused private fields such as 'srcTarCollection'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:59	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:59	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:59	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:59	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:59	Perhaps 'srcTarCollection' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:59	Private field 'srcTarCollection' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:61	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:61	Perhaps 'doneButton' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:69	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourceTargetCollection
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:69	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:69	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:69	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:69	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:93	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:100	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:104	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:105	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:110	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:111	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:113	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:122	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:122	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:128	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:128	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:129	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:129	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:137	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:137	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:137	Parameter 'searchTerms' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:141	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:141	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:141	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:151	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:161	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:161	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:186	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:191	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:193	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:193	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:195	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AmbiguityPathResolverPanel.java:207	Avoid excessively long variable names like ambiguityPathResolverPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:19	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jdesktop.swingx.JXTitledPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:19	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jdesktop.swingx.JXTitledPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:42	Too many fields
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:48	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:48	Perhaps 'filterPathsPanel' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:50	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:50	Perhaps 'addPathsButton' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:52	Avoid excessively long variable names like ambiguityDescLabel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:52	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:54	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:59	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:59	Perhaps 'pathsTableSP' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:60	Perhaps 'pathsTable' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:62	Avoid excessively long variable names like pathsTablePreferredSize
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:62	Perhaps 'pathsTablePreferredSize' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:62	Private field 'pathsTablePreferredSize' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:70	Private field 'currentSrcTar' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:77	Private field 'm_AllPathlist' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:78	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:85	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_userSelectedPaths
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:85	Private field 'm_userSelectedPaths' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:86	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:86	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:88	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:93	Overridable method 'getPathsDetails' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:96	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:102	Overridable method 'getPathsDetails' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:136	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:137	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:147	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:147	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:153	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedPathsIndexes
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:153	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:168	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:169	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:173	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:176	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:197	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:203	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:204	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:204	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:204	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:213	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:225	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:270	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:275	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:280	Avoid excessively long variable names like availablePathsPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/AvailablePathsPanel.java:284	Parameter 'dialog' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/DiagrammaticPreviewPanel.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jdesktop.swingx.JXTitledPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/DiagrammaticPreviewPanel.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jdesktop.swingx.JXTitledPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/DiagrammaticPreviewPanel.java:22	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/DiagrammaticPreviewPanel.java:22	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/DiagrammaticPreviewPanel.java:24	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/DiagrammaticPreviewPanel.java:42	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/DiagrammaticPreviewPanel.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like diagrammaticPreviewPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/DiagrammaticPreviewPanel.java:44	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like filterPathsTaskPane
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:27	Perhaps 'filterPathsTaskPane' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like nodeSelectionCombo
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:28	Perhaps 'nodeSelectionCombo' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:29	Perhaps 'categoryCombo' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like addToFilterPathButton
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:30	Perhaps 'addToFilterPathButton' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:31	Perhaps 'clearButton' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:33	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:52	The String literal "tab" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 52
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:52	The String literal "tab" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 52
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:73	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:73	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:83	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/FilterPathsPanel.java:84	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_ambiguityObjects
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:30	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:30	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:30	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:30	Private field 'm_ambiguityObjects' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_currentAmbigityIndex
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:31	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:31	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:31	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_totalAmbiguityObjects
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:32	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:32	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:32	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:32	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_ambiguityObjectToPathsMap
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:33	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:34	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:34	Private field 'm_pathFinder' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:36	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:36	Perhaps 'GENERALPATH' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:36	This final field could be made static
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:36	This final field could be made static
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:36	This final field could be made static
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:39	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:39	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:39	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:48	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:48	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:58	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:59	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:69	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:83	Parameter 'ambObj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:83	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:86	Avoid excessively long variable names like availablePathsPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:96	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:97	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:97	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:109	Parameter 'destinationEntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:109	Parameter 'sourceEntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:112	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:113	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:122	Avoid variables with short names like it
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:122	Avoid variables with short names like it
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:150	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:154	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:158	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/dag/ambiguityresolver/ResolveAmbiguity.java:166	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:29	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:31	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:33	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:33	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:33	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:33	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:35	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:35	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:35	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:35	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:37	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:37	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:37	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:53	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:54	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:55	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:58	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:63	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:107	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:107	Parameter 'listData' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:120	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:120	Parameter 'listModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:120	Parameter 'newData' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:120	Parameter 'removeAll' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:135	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:135	The class 'ControlButtonActionListener' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11 (Highest = 10).
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:137	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:137	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:137	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:137	The method 'actionPerformed' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:140	Avoid excessively long variable names like expDataListIndices
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:145	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:145	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:152	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:152	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:163	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:163	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:169	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:169	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:186	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:215	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDataSelectionPanel.java:227	Avoid excessively long variable names like expDataSelectionPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:36	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:36	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:38	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:38	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:39	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:43	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:43	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:45	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:45	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:45	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:45	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:45	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:45	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:45	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:47	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:49	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:66	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:76	The String literal "br hfill vfill" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 76
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:76	The String literal "br hfill vfill" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 76
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:81	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:89	Parameter 'expTreeNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:91	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:91	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:91	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:91	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:94	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:94	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:94	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:109	Avoid unused local variables such as 'comp'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:109	Avoid unused local variables such as 'comp'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:109	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:118	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:118	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:118	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:118	Parameter 'tableData' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:118	Parameter 'treeNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:120	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:120	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:128	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:139	Parameter 'exp' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:155	Parameter 'expGrp' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:168	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:173	Avoid empty if statements
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:173	Avoid empty if statements
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:204	Document empty constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:204	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:209	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentDetailsPanel.java:209	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:47	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:47	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:48	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:48	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:50	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:50	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:52	Avoid excessively long variable names like newExpDetailsPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:52	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:58	Avoid unused private methods such as 'getDummyExperimentHierarchy()'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:58	Avoid unused private methods such as 'getDummyExperimentHierarchy()'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:60	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:61	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:62	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:63	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:65	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:123	Avoid really long methods.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:128	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:190	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedExpTreeNode
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:199	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:204	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:226	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:226	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:236	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentHierarchyPanel.java:247	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentPanel.java:25	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentPanel.java:25	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentPanel.java:26	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentPanel.java:26	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentPanel.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentPanel.java:27	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentPanel.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentPanel.java:28	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentPanel.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentPanel.java:29	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentPanel.java:57	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentPanel.java:63	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentPanel.java:65	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentSummaryPanel.java:17	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentSummaryPanel.java:17	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentSummaryPanel.java:19	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentSummaryPanel.java:29	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentSummaryPanel.java:32	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentSummaryPanel.java:33	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentSummaryPanel.java:35	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentSummaryPanel.java:35	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentSummaryPanel.java:36	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentSummaryPanel.java:36	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/ExperimentSummaryPanel.java:50	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:65	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:65	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:67	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:67	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:69	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:69	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:71	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:71	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:73	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:73	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:79	Avoid unused private fields such as 'm_descSrollPane'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:79	Avoid unused private fields such as 'm_descSrollPane'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:81	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:88	Avoid really long methods.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:92	Avoid excessively long variable names like mandatoryNodeLabel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:92	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:94	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:98	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:109	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:109	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:111	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:112	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:124	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:185	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:185	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:189	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:201	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:205	Avoid naming non-fields with the prefix m_
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:205	Avoid naming non-fields with the prefix m_
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:257	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:257	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:267	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:299	Avoid really long methods.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:299	Avoid unused private methods such as 'initGUI()'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:299	Avoid unused private methods such as 'initGUI()'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:303	Avoid excessively long variable names like mandatoryNodeLabel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:320	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:320	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:322	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:363	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:375	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:379	Avoid naming non-fields with the prefix m_
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:379	Avoid naming non-fields with the prefix m_
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:448	Parameter 'expGrpName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:448	Parameter 'newNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:450	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedExperimentNode
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:464	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentExperimentGroup
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:499	Avoid excessively long variable names like newNodeExperimentTreeNode
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:513	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:513	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:513	Document empty constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:513	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:517	Parameter 'tree' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:518	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:519	Parameter 'sel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:537	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:541	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:566	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:582	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:582	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:592	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:594	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:596	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/experiment/NewExperimentDetailsPanel.java:620	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like CAB2B_FORMATTED_TEXT_FIELD_COLUMN_SIZE
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:38	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:43	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:48	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:53	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:58	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:105	The String literal "tab" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 105
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:105	The String literal "tab" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 105
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:122	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:122	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:122	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:146	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:159	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:160	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:165	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:197	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/AbstractTypePanel.java:199	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/B2BStackedBox.java:20	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/B2BStackedBox.java:51	Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/B2BStackedBox.java:55	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/BooleanTypePanel.java:26	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/BooleanTypePanel.java:27	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/BooleanTypePanel.java:28	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/BooleanTypePanel.java:29	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/BooleanTypePanel.java:54	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/BooleanTypePanel.java:60	Parameter 'btn' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/BooleanTypePanel.java:70	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/BooleanTypePanel.java:71	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/BooleanTypePanel.java:76	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/BooleanTypePanel.java:78	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/BooleanTypePanel.java:79	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/BooleanTypePanel.java:85	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/BooleanTypePanel.java:96	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/BooleanTypePanel.java:96	Parameter 'condition' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:25	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:25	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:25	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:26	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:26	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:26	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:27	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:38	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:46	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:47	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:49	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:62	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:76	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:117	Avoid empty if statements
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:117	Avoid empty if statements
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:136	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:173	Parameter 'dateFormatLabel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:191	Parameter 'datePicker' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:200	Parameter 'aFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:202	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:204	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:212	Parameter 'isOpaque' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:214	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:216	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:226	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/DateTypePanel.java:234	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/EnumTypePanel.java:25	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/EnumTypePanel.java:26	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/EnumTypePanel.java:27	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/EnumTypePanel.java:31	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/EnumTypePanel.java:32	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/EnumTypePanel.java:36	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'listBox'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/EnumTypePanel.java:53	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'listBox'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/EnumTypePanel.java:67	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/EnumTypePanel.java:73	Parameter 'condition' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/IComponent.java:9	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/IComponent.java:9	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/IComponent.java:11	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/IComponent.java:11	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/IComponent.java:13	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:19	The class 'NumberTypePanel' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:41	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:42	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:43	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:47	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:72	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:72	The method 'setValues' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:74	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:79	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:79	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:79	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:81	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:83	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:83	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:85	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:85	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:93	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:94	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:113	Avoid assigments in operands
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:113	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:113	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:124	Avoid assigments in operands
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:124	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:124	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:136	Avoid excessively long variable names like formattedTextField
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:137	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeTypeInformation
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:137	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/NumberTypePanel.java:157	Parameter 'condition' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:31	The class 'ParseXMLFile' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:39	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:39	Perhaps 'xmlFileName' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:39	This final field could be made static
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonEnumDataTypeToConditionMap
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:44	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:44	Private field 'nonEnumDataTypeToConditionMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:45	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonEnumDataTypeToComponentMap
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:45	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:45	Private field 'nonEnumDataTypeToComponentMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:46	Avoid excessively long variable names like enumDataTypeToConditionMap
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:46	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:46	Private field 'enumDataTypeToConditionMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:47	Avoid excessively long variable names like enumDataTypeToComponentMap
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:47	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:47	Private field 'enumDataTypeToComponentMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:61	Singleton is not thread safe
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:72	Parameter 'elem' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:77	These nested if statements could be combined
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:81	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:83	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:94	Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:101	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:104	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:111	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:117	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:130	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataTypeToConditionMap
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:130	Parameter 'dataTypeNodes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:130	Parameter 'dataTypeToConditionMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:130	The method 'readDataTypeDetailsForAllNode' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:131	Parameter 'dataTypeToComponentMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:135	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:148	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:150	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:160	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/ParseXMLFile.java:170	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:38	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:39	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:44	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:66	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:68	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:73	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:73	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:73	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:75	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:77	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:77	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:79	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:79	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:87	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:88	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:114	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/StringTypePanel.java:114	Parameter 'condition' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/SwingUIManager.java:33	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/SwingUIManager.java:33	The class 'SwingUIManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11 (Highest = 10).
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/SwingUIManager.java:44	Avoid really long methods.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/SwingUIManager.java:44	Parameter 'attributeEntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/SwingUIManager.java:44	Parameter 'parseFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/SwingUIManager.java:44	The method 'generateUIPanel' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/SwingUIManager.java:50	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeTypeInformation
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/SwingUIManager.java:50	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/SwingUIManager.java:53	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/main/SwingUIManager.java:216	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:8	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Toolkit'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:8	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Toolkit'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:36	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.client.ui.util.CommonUtils'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:36	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.client.ui.util.CommonUtils'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:46	Too many fields
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:51	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:51	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:56	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:56	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:61	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:61	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:63	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:65	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:66	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:67	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:88	Avoid excessively long variable names like navigationButtonBgColorSelected
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:89	Avoid excessively long variable names like navigationButtonBgColorUnSelected
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:103	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:116	Avoid really long methods.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:120	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:126	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:130	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:142	Avoid excessively long variable names like extraSpaceFillerPanel1
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:142	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:174	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:175	Avoid excessively long variable names like tabImageFileLocation
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:176	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:176	Avoid unused local variables such as 'imageIcon'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:176	Avoid unused local variables such as 'imageIcon'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:179	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:181	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:208	Avoid excessively long variable names like extraSpaceFillerPanel2
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:236	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:236	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:246	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:246	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:305	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:305	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:371	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:377	Avoid unused local variables such as 'frame'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/GlobalNavigationPanel.java:377	Avoid unused local variables such as 'frame'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorCodesFileName
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:41	Avoid excessively long variable names like applicationResourcesFileName
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like jndiResourceFileName
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:47	Avoid excessively long variable names like mainframeScreenDimesion
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:49	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchDataWelcomePanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:56	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:56	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:61	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:61	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:63	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:65	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:65	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:67	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:71	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:73	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:114	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:118	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:125	Avoid variables with short names like c1
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:125	Avoid variables with short names like c1
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:125	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:127	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:138	Singleton is not thread safe
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:148	Singleton is not thread safe
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:161	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:165	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:165	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:165	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:165	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:170	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:170	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:170	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:170	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:175	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:175	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:175	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:205	Avoid unused local variables such as 'bundle'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:205	Avoid unused local variables such as 'bundle'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:216	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:226	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:226	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:226	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:232	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:232	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:232	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MainFrame.java:237	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:26	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:26	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like mySearchQueriesPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:27	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like popularSearchCategoryPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:28	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like myExperimentsPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:29	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:31	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:67	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:67	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:67	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:67	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:72	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:75	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:76	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:77	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:77	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:85	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:85	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:85	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:85	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:91	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:96	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:103	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:103	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:103	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:113	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:114	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:121	Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:127	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:133	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:133	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/MyStackedBox.java:133	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/NewWelcomePanel.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like welcomePageEditorPane
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/NewWelcomePanel.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/NewWelcomePanel.java:31	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/NewWelcomePanel.java:32	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/NewWelcomePanel.java:32	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/NewWelcomePanel.java:34	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/NewWelcomePanel.java:49	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/NewWelcomePanel.java:49	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/NewWelcomePanel.java:53	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/NewWelcomePanel.java:58	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/NewWelcomePanel.java:80	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/NewWelcomePanel.java:86	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/NewWelcomePanel.java:100	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/NewWelcomePanel.java:102	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:18	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.logger.Logger'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:18	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.logger.Logger'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchDataWelcomePageEditorPane
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:29	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:30	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:32	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:43	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:45	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:48	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:50	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:51	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:58	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:58	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/SearchDataWelcomePanel.java:74	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/StackedBoxTest.java:12	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/StackedBoxTest.java:12	This class name ends with 'Test' but contains no test cases
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/StackedBoxTest.java:12	This class name ends with 'Test' but contains no test cases
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/StackedBoxTest.java:14	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/StackedBoxTest.java:16	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/StackedBoxTest.java:27	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/StackedBoxTest.java:37	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/mainframe/StackedBoxTest.java:45	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:65	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:65	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:69	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:69	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:69	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:69	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:69	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:71	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:71	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:73	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:73	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:73	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:73	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:73	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:88	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:88	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:94	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentPageIndexStr
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:101	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:101	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:106	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:115	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:115	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:116	Overridable method 'page' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:121	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:121	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:123	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:124	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:129	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:129	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:133	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:139	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:139	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:160	Parameter 'subData' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:162	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:174	Parameter 'elements' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:176	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:187	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:190	Avoid excessively long variable names like requestedPageIndex
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:209	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:210	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:219	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:220	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:304	Parameter 'pageElemIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:315	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:317	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AbstractPager.java:317	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:17	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:17	Perhaps 'pagerName' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:17	Private field 'pagerName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:19	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:21	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:21	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:21	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:25	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:25	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:25	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:30	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:30	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:30	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:32	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:33	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:39	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:40	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:41	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:44	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:46	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:49	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:49	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:49	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:72	Parameter 'elementsPerPage' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:85	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:86	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:86	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:86	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/AlphabeticPager.java:91	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.swing.event.EventListenerList'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.swing.event.EventListenerList'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:24	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name with the same name as a method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:24	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:28	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:47	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:47	Parameter 'pageIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:60	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:61	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:67	Parameter 'selectionMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:84	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentAllPageIndices
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:84	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:84	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:87	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:87	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:91	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:123	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:125	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentAllPageIndices
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:125	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:125	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:129	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:129	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:143	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentAllPageIndices
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:143	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:143	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:156	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:171	Parameter 'pageIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:214	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:214	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:216	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedPageIndices
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:216	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:216	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:219	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentAllPageIndices
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:229	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:261	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:261	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:262	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:262	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/DefaultPageSelectionModel.java:263	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:34	Avoid excessively long variable names like paginationTypeCombo
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:34	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:34	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:37	Avoid excessively long variable names like elementsPerPageCombo
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:37	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:37	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:42	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:42	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:47	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:47	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:53	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:53	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:58	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:58	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:58	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:63	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:63	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:63	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:68	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:68	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:84	Avoid excessively long variable names like nextPageIndicesText
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:86	Avoid excessively long variable names like previousInidicesText
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:94	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:94	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:110	Avoid excessively long variable names like navigationLinksText
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:110	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:114	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:116	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:118	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:120	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:164	Parameter 'indices' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:183	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:185	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:189	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:191	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:191	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:205	Parameter 'newIndicesPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:216	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:216	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:216	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:217	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:270	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:316	Parameter 'currentPageIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:321	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:334	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:369	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:377	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:411	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:411	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:415	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:415	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:426	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:426	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageBar.java:481	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:74	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:80	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:85	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:85	Perhaps 'descriptionLabel' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:87	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:87	Private field 'pageElement' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:92	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:97	Private field 'elementIndex' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:102	Private field 'pagination' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:103	Perhaps 'MAXCHARSONLINE' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:105	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:123	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:141	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:142	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:150	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:151	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:167	Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:167	Parameter 'textSizeInPixel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:169	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:169	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:169	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:169	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 19 characters appended
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:170	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:171	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:172	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:176	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:187	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:187	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:188	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:196	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:199	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:219	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:219	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:219	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:222	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:224	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:231	Avoid variables with short names like ae
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:231	Parameter 'ae' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:236	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:236	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:236	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:236	Parameter 'aes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:256	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:256	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:285	Avoid unused local variables such as 'pageElementPanel2'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPageElement.java:285	Avoid unused local variables such as 'pageElementPanel2'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:50	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:50	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name with the same name as a method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:55	Avoid excessively long variable names like isGroupActionEnabled
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:55	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:55	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name with the same name as a method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:60	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:65	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:65	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:71	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:71	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:76	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:76	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:82	Avoid excessively long variable names like pageElementActionListenerList
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:82	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:82	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:82	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:82	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:82	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:82	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:87	Avoid excessively long variable names like pageSelectionModel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:93	Avoid excessively long variable names like pageSelectionListenerList
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:93	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:93	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:93	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:93	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:93	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:96	Avoid excessively long variable names like pageLayoutOrientation
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:96	Avoid unused private fields such as 'pageLayoutOrientation'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:96	Avoid unused private fields such as 'pageLayoutOrientation'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:96	Private field 'pageLayoutOrientation' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:101	Avoid unused private fields such as 'pageDimension'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:101	Avoid unused private fields such as 'pageDimension'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:101	Private field 'pageDimension' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:121	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:121	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:126	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:131	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:131	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:152	Overridable method 'getPagePanel' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:160	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:172	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:181	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:184	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:193	Parameter 'preferredSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:212	Parameter 'pageElements' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:214	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:216	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:220	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:225	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:227	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:232	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:238	Parameter 'actionListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:252	Parameter 'actionListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:276	Parameter 'newPagePanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:354	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:354	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:368	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:368	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:381	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:381	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:430	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:447	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:447	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:467	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:467	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:483	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:489	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:501	Perhaps 'selectAllHyperlink' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:502	Perhaps 'clearAllHyperlink' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:503	Perhaps 'invertSelectionHyperlink' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:505	Private field 'selectAllText' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:506	Private field 'clearAllText' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:507	Private field 'invertSelectionText' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:515	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:557	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:557	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:590	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:592	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:592	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:602	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:603	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:607	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:614	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:653	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:684	Avoid really long methods.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPagination.java:691	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:28	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:28	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:28	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:28	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:30	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:32	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:34	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:34	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:35	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:35	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:37	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:61	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:62	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:66	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:66	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:68	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:68	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:75	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:75	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:77	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:77	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:83	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:85	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:112	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/JPaginationDemo.java:114	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:17	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:17	Perhaps 'pagerName' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:17	Private field 'pagerName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:19	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:19	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:19	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:24	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:24	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:24	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:38	Parameter 'newValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:43	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:43	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:60	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:62	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:62	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:62	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:62	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:65	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:65	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/NumericPager.java:70	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageElement.java:9	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageElement.java:9	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageElement.java:11	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageElement.java:11	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageElement.java:13	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageElementImpl.java:60	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageElementImpl.java:74	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageElementImpl.java:88	Parameter 'imageLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageElementImpl.java:102	Parameter 'linkURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageElementImpl.java:116	Parameter 'userObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageElementIndex.java:22	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageElementIndex.java:27	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageElementIndex.java:47	Parameter 'indexInPage' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageElementIndex.java:63	Parameter 'pageIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionEvent.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionEvent.java:23	Private field 'elementIndex' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionEvent.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionEvent.java:28	Private field 'pageIndex' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionEvent.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionEvent.java:33	Private field 'indexInPage' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionListener.java:5	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionListener.java:5	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionListener.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionListener.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionModel.java:5	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.swing.event.EventListenerList'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionModel.java:5	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.swing.event.EventListenerList'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionModel.java:18	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionModel.java:18	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionModel.java:20	Avoid excessively long variable names like MULTIPLE_SELECTION
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionModel.java:20	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionModel.java:20	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionModel.java:22	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionModel.java:50	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionModel.java:50	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PageSelectionModel.java:50	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:21	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:21	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:21	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:21	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:21	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:27	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:27	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:33	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:45	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:45	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:45	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:51	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:51	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:57	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/Pager.java:67	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:10	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:10	Too many fields
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:12	Avoid excessively long variable names like NUMERIC_PAGINATION
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:12	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:12	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:12	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:12	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:12	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:14	Avoid excessively long variable names like ALPHABETIC_PAGINATION
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:14	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:14	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like FREQUENCY_PAGINATION
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:16	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_PAGINATION
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:18	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_ELEMENTS_PER_PAGE
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationConstants.java:27	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:14	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:19	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:19	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:19	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:19	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:24	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:24	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:31	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:31	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:31	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:36	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:36	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:50	Parameter 'pager' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:58	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:58	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:65	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:133	Parameter 'newValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:141	Parameter 'pageEleIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:155	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:159	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:159	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:159	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:161	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:164	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:164	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:168	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/PaginationModel.java:173	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:11	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:13	The String literal "Desc" appears 13 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 13
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:13	The String literal "Desc" appears 13 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 13
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:38	The String literal "storage type" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:38	The String literal "storage type" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:44	The String literal "Biological pathways" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 44
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:66	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:66	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:66	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:66	Parameter 'realData' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:68	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:68	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:68	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:68	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:72	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:74	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:75	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:76	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:79	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:91	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/pagination/RealDataForPagination.java:97	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:36	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:36	Private field 'pathFinder' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:53	Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:53	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:55	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:57	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:57	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:59	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:59	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:69	Parameter 'sourceEntityId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:71	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:73	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:73	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:75	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:75	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:85	Parameter 'entityId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:87	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:89	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:89	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:103	Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:105	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/CaB2BPathFinder.java:121	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:45	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:56	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_visibleExpressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:56	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:56	Private field 'm_visibleExpressions' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:70	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:80	Parameter 'rule' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:82	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:85	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:98	Parameter 'iExpressionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:99	Parameter 'rule' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:101	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:113	Parameter 'iExpressionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:124	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourceExpressionId
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:127	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:128	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:157	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourceExpressionId
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:180	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourceExpressionId
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:193	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentExpressionId
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:303	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/ClientQueryBuilder.java:495	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IClientQueryBuilderInterface.java:40	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IClientQueryBuilderInterface.java:40	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IClientQueryBuilderInterface.java:46	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IClientQueryBuilderInterface.java:46	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IClientQueryBuilderInterface.java:56	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IClientQueryBuilderInterface.java:80	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourceExpressionId
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IClientQueryBuilderInterface.java:88	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourceExpressionId
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IClientQueryBuilderInterface.java:98	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourceExpressionId
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IClientQueryBuilderInterface.java:106	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentExpressionId
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IClientQueryBuilderInterface.java:203	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourceExpressionId
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IPathFinder.java:39	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IPathFinder.java:39	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IPathFinder.java:46	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IPathFinder.java:46	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/IPathFinder.java:51	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:27	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:27	The class 'Utility' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 15).
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:35	Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:35	The method 'getRelationalOperator' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:37	Avoid excessively long variable names like relationalOperator
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:38	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:38	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:42	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:42	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:45	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:86	Avoid excessively long variable names like relationalOperator
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:86	Parameter 'relationalOperator' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:86	The method 'displayStringForRelationalOperator' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:147	Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:158	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:160	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:160	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:160	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:160	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 36 characters appended
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:162	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:177	Parameter 'association' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/query/Utility.java:191	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/ClientPropertyLoader.java:8	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/ClientPropertyLoader.java:23	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:31	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:31	The class 'CommonUtils' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:49	Parameter 'beanName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:49	Parameter 'homeClassForBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:49	Parameter 'parentComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:72	Parameter 'beanName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:72	Parameter 'homeClassForBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:91	Avoid excessively long variable names like shouldShowErrorDialog
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:92	Avoid excessively long variable names like shouldLogException
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:92	Avoid excessively long variable names like shouldPrintExceptionInConsole
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:95	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorMessageForLog
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:96	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorMessageForDialog
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:105	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:113	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:133	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:133	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:150	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:223	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:235	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:239	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:251	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:275	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:283	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:285	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:337	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:340	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:376	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:402	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:402	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:405	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:405	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:460	The method 'splitStringWithTextQualifier' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:464	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:464	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:470	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:484	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:490	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:506	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CommonUtils.java:590	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:16	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:19	Private field 'threadVar' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:32	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like t
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like t
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:39	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:39	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:44	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:44	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:46	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:59	Overridable method 'setAComponent' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:90	Avoid using ThreadGroup; it is not thread safe
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:90	Avoid variables with short names like t
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:90	Avoid variables with short names like t
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:100	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'object'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:100	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'object'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:102	Overridable method 'setAComponent' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:133	Avoid using ThreadGroup; it is not thread safe
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:133	Avoid variables with short names like t
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:144	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:168	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:168	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:217	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:217	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:255	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:268	Parameter 'newAComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:278	Parameter 'newGlassPane' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/CustomSwingWorker.java:288	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:25	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:26	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:32	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:52	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:54	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:57	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:62	These nested if statements could be combined
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:76	Parameter 'create' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:76	Parameter 'startComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:76	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:76	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:99	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:103	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:106	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:110	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:121	Parameter 'aComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:129	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/util/GlassPane.java:140	These nested if statements could be combined
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:20	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_breadCrumbListener
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:20	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:20	Private field 'm_breadCrumbListener' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:22	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:22	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:22	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:22	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:22	Private field 'm_breadCrumbs' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like breadCrumbListener
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:28	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:28	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:28	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:28	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:41	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:45	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:50	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:51	Avoid excessively long variable names like breadCrumbHyperlink
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:51	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:51	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:55	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:55	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:55	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:60	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/BreadcrumbPanel.java:61	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:24	The class 'DataListDetailsPanel' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:30	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:31	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:35	Document empty constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:35	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:42	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:44	Overridable method 'initGUI' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:50	Parameter 'attributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:50	Parameter 'dataRows' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:50	The user-supplied array 'dataRows' is stored directly
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:64	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:77	Avoid really long methods.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:77	The method 'performExportOperation' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:79	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:87	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:87	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:88	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:89	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:90	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:94	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:97	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:99	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:104	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:114	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:115	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:116	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:116	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:116	Avoid variables with short names like sb
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:121	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:121	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:126	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:126	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:132	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:132	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:145	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:156	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:156	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:171	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListDetailsPanel.java:171	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:27	Perhaps 'splitPane' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:32	Avoid unused private fields such as 'parentPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:32	Avoid unused private fields such as 'parentPanel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:60	Parameter 'treePanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:76	Parameter 'detailsPanel' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:92	Parameter 'dataList' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:97	Document empty constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:97	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:101	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:114	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:141	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:143	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:144	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedUserObjects
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:144	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:146	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:148	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/DataListPanel.java:154	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:28	Private field 'm_sourceEntity' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_destinationEntity
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:29	Private field 'm_destinationEntity' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:30	Private field 'm_queryEngineBus' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:31	Private field 'm_childNodes' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:45	A signature (constructor or method) shouldn't have Exception in throws declaration
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:45	A signature (constructor or method) shouldn't have Exception in throws declaration
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:48	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:51	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:52	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:52	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'queryResult'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:65	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:65	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:66	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:66	System.out.print is used
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:70	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:72	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:73	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:80	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourceExpressionID
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:84	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetExpressionID
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:90	Avoid excessively long variable names like intraModelAssociation
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:97	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:97	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:104	Avoid excessively long variable names like interaModelAssociation
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:111	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:111	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:123	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:128	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:140	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:148	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryExecutionCallable.java:148	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryResultObject.java:10	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryResultObject.java:10	Private field 'm_resultElements' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryResultObject.java:11	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/QueryResultObject.java:11	Private field 'm_childElements' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:53	Too many fields
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:54	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:54	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:56	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:56	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:58	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:58	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:60	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:60	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:60	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:60	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:60	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:62	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:62	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:62	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:62	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:62	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:64	Avoid excessively long variable names like relatedDataTitledPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:68	Avoid excessively long variable names like addToDataListButton
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:70	Avoid excessively long variable names like associatedDataActionListener
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:72	Avoid excessively long variable names like breadCrumbActionListener
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:76	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentEntityInterface
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:80	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:80	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:84	Perhaps 'm_applyAllButton' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:91	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:97	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:97	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:123	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:123	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:124	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:124	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:124	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:126	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:127	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:131	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:131	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:148	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:156	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:156	Avoid variables with short names like e
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:158	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:158	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:174	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:209	Avoid unused local variables such as 'busInt'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:209	Avoid unused local variables such as 'busInt'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:274	Parameter 'targetEntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:275	Parameter 'association' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:330	Parameter 'attriIntCollecIter' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ResultObjectDetailsPanel.java:351	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:25	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.logger.Logger'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:25	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.logger.Logger'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:37	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:42	Document empty constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:42	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:49	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:53	Overridable method 'initGUI' called during object construction
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:60	Parameter 'dataList' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:65	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:76	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:80	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:85	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/TreePanel.java:89	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsAdvancedPanel.java:13	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsAdvancedPanel.java:13	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsAdvancedPanel.java:15	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsAdvancedPanel.java:22	Document empty method
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsAdvancedPanel.java:29	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Color'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.Color'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:14	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.client.ui.query.IClientQueryBuilderInterface'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:14	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.client.ui.query.IClientQueryBuilderInterface'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:27	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchResultBreadCrumbsPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:29	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like advSearchResultsPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:31	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:33	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:36	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'panel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:36	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'panel'
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsPanel.java:36	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:67	Too many fields
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:70	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:70	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:74	Avoid excessively long variable names like addToDataListButton
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:74	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:74	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:75	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:75	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:77	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchResultsPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:77	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:77	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:82	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:82	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:87	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:87	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:87	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:94	Avoid excessively long variable names like myDataListTitledPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:105	Avoid excessively long variable names like presentEntityInterface
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:107	Avoid excessively long variable names like m_addSummaryParentPanel
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:109	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:139	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:139	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:141	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:142	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:147	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:149	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:162	Local variable could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:168	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:178	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:178	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:182	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:182	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:188	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:208	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:208	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:250	Avoid variables with short names like gp
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:250	Avoid variables with short names like gp
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:295	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:318	Singleton is not thread safe
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:327	Singleton is not thread safe
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:379	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:418	Parameter 'queryCallables' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:418	Parameter 'queryEngineBus' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:439	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/client/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/client/ui/viewresults/ViewSearchResultsSimplePanel.java:508	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/advancedSearch/AdvancedSearchBusinessInterface.java:9	Package name contains upper case characters
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/advancedSearch/AdvancedSearchBusinessInterface.java:32	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/advancedSearch/AdvancedSearchBusinessInterface.java:32	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/advancedSearch/AdvancedSearchHome.java:9	Package name contains upper case characters
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/advancedSearch/AdvancedSearchHome.java:26	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/advancedSearch/AdvancedSearchHome.java:26	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/advancedSearch/AdvancedSearchRemoteInterface.java:9	Package name contains upper case characters
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like semanticPropertyCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:27	Parameter 'semanticPropertyCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributetypeinformationinterface
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:32	Overriding method merely calls super
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:32	Overriding method merely calls super
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:32	Parameter 'attributetypeinformationinterface' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:40	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:47	Overridable method 'setSemanticPropertyCollection' called during object construction
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:50	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:56	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:60	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:70	Avoid excessively long variable names like patternDescription
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:70	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:80	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:84	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourceSemanticProperty
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:84	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Attribute.java:89	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetSemanticProperty
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:15	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.StringTokenizer'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:15	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.StringTokenizer'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like semanticPropertyCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:32	Parameter 'semanticPropertyCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:40	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:40	Parameter 'attributeCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:48	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:48	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:48	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:61	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:67	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:71	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:72	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:73	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:73	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:73	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:79	Avoid excessively long variable names like patternDescription
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:79	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:89	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourceSemanticProperty
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/Entity.java:94	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetSemanticProperty
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IAttribute.java:15	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domaininterface.SemanticPropertyInterface'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IAttribute.java:15	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domaininterface.SemanticPropertyInterface'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IAttribute.java:82	Avoid excessively long variable names like semanticPropertyCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IAttribute.java:82	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IAttribute.java:82	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IAttribute.java:99	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributetypeinformationinterface
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IAttribute.java:99	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IAttribute.java:99	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IAttribute.java:106	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IEntity.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like semanticPropertyCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IEntity.java:25	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IEntity.java:25	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IEntity.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IEntity.java:30	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IEntity.java:30	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IEntity.java:37	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IMatchedClass.java:13	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IMatchedClass.java:13	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IMatchedClass.java:18	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IMatchedClass.java:18	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IMatchedClass.java:23	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IMatchedClass.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like matchedAttributeCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/ISemanticProperty.java:50	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/ISemanticProperty.java:50	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IStringPermissibleValue.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like stringPermissibleValue
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IStringPermissibleValue.java:27	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/IStringPermissibleValue.java:27	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MatchedClass.java:25	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MatchedClass.java:32	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MatchedClass.java:37	Avoid excessively long variable names like matchedAttributeCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MatchedClass.java:37	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MatchedClass.java:50	Parameter 'entityCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MatchedClass.java:66	Avoid excessively long variable names like matchedAttributeCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MatchedClass.java:66	Parameter 'matchedAttributeCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MyHashMap.java:17	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MyHashMap.java:17	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MyHashMap.java:20	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domaininterface.PermissibleValueInterface'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MyHashMap.java:20	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domaininterface.PermissibleValueInterface'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MyHashMap.java:21	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.util.Utility'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MyHashMap.java:21	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.util.Utility'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MyHashMap.java:29	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MyHashMap.java:29	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MyHashMap.java:35	Parameter 'keys' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MyHashMap.java:37	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MyHashMap.java:39	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MyHashMap.java:41	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MyHashMap.java:42	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/MyHashMap.java:46	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/SemanticProperty.java:26	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/SemanticProperty.java:32	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/SemanticProperty.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like patternSemanticProperty
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/SemanticProperty.java:38	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/SemanticProperty.java:40	Avoid excessively long variable names like patternConceptCode
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/SemanticProperty.java:40	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/StringPermissibleValue.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.rmi.RemoteException'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/StringPermissibleValue.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.rmi.RemoteException'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/StringPermissibleValue.java:19	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/StringPermissibleValue.java:31	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/StringPermissibleValue.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetPermissibleValue
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/StringPermissibleValue.java:34	Avoid assigments in operands
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/StringPermissibleValue.java:35	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourcePermissibleValue
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/StringPermissibleValue.java:35	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/StringPermissibleValue.java:39	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/StringPermissibleValue.java:41	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourceSemanticProperty
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/StringPermissibleValue.java:41	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/StringPermissibleValue.java:42	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/StringPermissibleValue.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetSemanticProperty
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/beans/StringPermissibleValue.java:44	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:24	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataListAnnotation
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:29	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:34	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:34	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:34	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:43	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:61	Parameter 'dataRows' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:63	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:66	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:75	Parameter 'dataRow' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:84	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:85	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:104	Parameter 'dataRow' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:104	Parameter 'dataRowList' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:106	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:110	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:114	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:114	These nested if statements could be combined
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:116	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:119	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:128	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:165	Parameter 'dataRow' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:170	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:172	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:196	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'searchDataRow'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:209	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:209	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:211	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:346	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:346	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:349	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:349	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:384	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:410	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning a boolean
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:410	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning a boolean
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:411	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:411	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:413	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataList.java:433	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataListAnnotation
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataListBusinessInterface.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domain.EntityGroup'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataListBusinessInterface.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domain.EntityGroup'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataListBusinessInterface.java:7	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domaininterface.EntityGroupInterface'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataListBusinessInterface.java:7	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domaininterface.EntityGroupInterface'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataListBusinessInterface.java:31	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataListBusinessInterface.java:31	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataListBusinessInterface.java:42	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataListBusinessInterface.java:42	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataListBusinessInterface.java:52	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataListHome.java:8	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.advancedSearch.AdvancedSearchRemoteInterface'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataListHome.java:8	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.advancedSearch.AdvancedSearchRemoteInterface'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataListHome.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataListHome.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:20	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.beans.IAttribute'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:20	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.beans.IAttribute'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:29	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:29	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:32	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:32	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:65	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:70	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:76	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:76	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name with the same name as a method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:76	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:83	Parameter 'strURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:97	Parameter 'entityInterface' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:111	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:111	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:111	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:127	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:127	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:127	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:129	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:129	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:135	Parameter 'attributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:151	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:196	Returning 'row' may expose an internal array
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:203	The user-supplied array 'row' is stored directly
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:232	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:268	Avoid variables with short names like i
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:269	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:272	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:282	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:283	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:285	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:285	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/DataRow.java:285	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/IDataRow.java:16	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/IDataRow.java:16	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/IDataRow.java:21	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/IDataRow.java:21	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/IDataRow.java:26	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/IDataRow.java:82	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/datalist/IDataRow.java:82	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AbstractDomainObject.java:14	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AbstractDomainObject.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AbstractDomainObject.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AbstractDomainObject.java:40	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AbstractDomainObject.java:40	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AbstractDomainObject.java:40	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AbstractDomainObject.java:63	Parameter 'activityStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AbstractDomainObject.java:68	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AbstractDomainObject.java:69	Avoid variables with short names like eq
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AbstractDomainObject.java:71	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AbstractDomainObject.java:72	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AdditionalMetadata.java:16	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AdditionalMetadata.java:38	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AdditionalMetadata.java:61	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AdditionalMetadata.java:83	Parameter 'createdOn' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AdditionalMetadata.java:105	Parameter 'lastUpdatedOn' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AdditionalMetadata.java:110	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AdditionalMetadata.java:111	Avoid variables with short names like eq
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AdditionalMetadata.java:111	Avoid variables with short names like eq
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AdditionalMetadata.java:113	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AdditionalMetadata.java:113	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AdditionalMetadata.java:113	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AdditionalMetadata.java:114	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/AdditionalMetadata.java:125	Avoid variables with short names like h
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:16	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:23	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:23	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:42	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:42	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:42	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:64	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:71	Avoid excessively long variable names like microarrayChipCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:84	Avoid empty if statements
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:84	Avoid empty if statements
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:86	Avoid excessively long variable names like applicationService
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:86	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:91	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:94	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:98	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:102	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:102	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:103	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:103	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:113	Avoid excessively long variable names like microarrayChipCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:113	Parameter 'microarrayChipCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:118	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:119	Avoid variables with short names like eq
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:121	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ArrayDesign.java:122	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/DataListMetadata.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/DataListMetadata.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/DataListMetadata.java:14	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:17	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:22	Avoid excessively long variable names like experimentGroupCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:35	Avoid empty if statements
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:35	Avoid empty if statements
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:37	Avoid excessively long variable names like applicationService
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:37	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:42	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:45	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:49	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:53	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:53	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:54	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:54	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:64	Avoid excessively long variable names like experimentGroupCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:64	Parameter 'experimentGroupCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:69	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:70	Avoid variables with short names like eq
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:70	Avoid variables with short names like eq
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:72	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:72	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:72	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:73	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/Experiment.java:84	Avoid variables with short names like h
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:17	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:31	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:55	Parameter 'parentGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:62	Avoid excessively long variable names like experimentCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:75	Avoid empty if statements
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:75	Avoid empty if statements
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:77	Avoid excessively long variable names like applicationService
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:77	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:82	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:85	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:88	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:92	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:92	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:93	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:93	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:103	Avoid excessively long variable names like experimentCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:103	Parameter 'experimentCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:108	Avoid excessively long variable names like childrenGroupCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:121	Avoid empty if statements
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:121	Avoid empty if statements
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:123	Avoid excessively long variable names like applicationService
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:123	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:128	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:135	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:139	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:139	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:140	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:140	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:146	Parameter 'childrenGroupCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:151	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:152	Avoid variables with short names like eq
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:152	Avoid variables with short names like eq
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:154	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:154	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/ExperimentGroup.java:166	Avoid variables with short names like h
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:16	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:23	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:23	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:41	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:41	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:41	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:63	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:86	Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:104	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:134	Parameter 'arrayDesign' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:141	Avoid excessively long variable names like microarrayExperimentCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:154	Avoid empty if statements
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:154	Avoid empty if statements
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:156	Avoid excessively long variable names like applicationService
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:156	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:161	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:164	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:168	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:172	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:172	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:173	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:173	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:183	Avoid excessively long variable names like microarrayExperimentCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:183	Parameter 'microarrayExperimentCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:189	Avoid variables with short names like eq
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:191	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayChip.java:192	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:18	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like microarrayChipCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:38	Avoid empty if statements
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:38	Avoid empty if statements
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:40	Avoid excessively long variable names like applicationService
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:40	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:45	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:48	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:52	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:56	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:56	System.out.print is used
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:57	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:57	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:67	Avoid excessively long variable names like microarrayChipCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:67	Parameter 'microarrayChipCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:72	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:73	Avoid variables with short names like eq
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:73	Avoid variables with short names like eq
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:75	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:75	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:75	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:76	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/domain/MicroarrayExperiment.java:87	Avoid variables with short names like h
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/EjbNamesConstants.java:3	An Interface should be used only to model a behaviour; consider converting this to a class.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/EjbNamesConstants.java:5	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADVANCED_SEARCH_BEAN
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/EjbNamesConstants.java:5	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/EjbNamesConstants.java:5	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/EjbNamesConstants.java:7	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/EjbNamesConstants.java:7	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/EjbNamesConstants.java:9	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/category/CategoryBusinessInterface.java:22	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/category/CategoryBusinessInterface.java:22	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/category/CategoryBusinessInterface.java:29	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/category/CategoryBusinessInterface.java:29	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/category/CategoryBusinessInterface.java:36	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/category/CategoryHomeInterface.java:14	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/category/CategoryHomeInterface.java:14	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/path/PathBuilderBusinessInterface.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/path/PathBuilderBusinessInterface.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/path/PathBuilderHomeInterface.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/path/PathBuilderHomeInterface.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/path/PathFinderBusinessInterface.java:32	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/path/PathFinderBusinessInterface.java:32	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/path/PathFinderBusinessInterface.java:40	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/path/PathFinderBusinessInterface.java:40	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/path/PathFinderBusinessInterface.java:47	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/path/PathFinderHomeInterface.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/path/PathFinderHomeInterface.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/queryengine/QueryEngineHome.java:14	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/queryengine/QueryEngineHome.java:14	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBusinessInterface.java:22	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBusinessInterface.java:22	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBusinessInterface.java:33	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBusinessInterface.java:33	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryHomeInterface.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryHomeInterface.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/EntityCacheBusinessInterface.java:9	Package name contains upper case characters
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/EntityCacheBusinessInterface.java:29	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/EntityCacheBusinessInterface.java:29	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/EntityCacheBusinessInterface.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/EntityCacheBusinessInterface.java:38	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/EntityCacheBusinessInterface.java:38	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/EntityCacheGetterInterface.java:11	Package name contains upper case characters
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/EntityCacheGetterInterface.java:24	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/EntityCacheGetterInterface.java:24	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/EntityCacheHome.java:9	Package name contains upper case characters
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/EntityCacheHome.java:28	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/EntityCacheHome.java:28	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/EntityCacheLocalInterface.java:9	Package name contains upper case characters
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/IEntityCache.java:8	Package name contains upper case characters
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/IEntityCache.java:20	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/IEntityCache.java:20	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/IEntityCache.java:29	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/IEntityCache.java:29	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/IEntityCache.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/IEntityCache.java:38	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/entityCache/IEntityCache.java:65	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeCollection
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeConstants.java:10	An Interface should be used only to model a behaviour; consider converting this to a class.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeConstants.java:13	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeConstants.java:13	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeConstants.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeConstants.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeConstants.java:20	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeConstants.java:59	Avoid excessively long variable names like QUERY_INVALID_INPUT
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeConstants.java:61	Avoid excessively long variable names like QUERY_EXECUTION_ERROR
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeConstants.java:63	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_SAVE_ERROR
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeConstants.java:65	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_RETRIEVE_ERROR
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeHandler.java:7	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.global.ApplicationProperties'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeHandler.java:7	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.global.ApplicationProperties'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeHandler.java:13	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeHandler.java:17	Parameter 'baseName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeHandler.java:22	Parameter 'theKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeHandler.java:34	Parameter 'placeHolders' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeHandler.java:34	Parameter 'theKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeHandler.java:36	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeHandler.java:37	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeHandler.java:53	Parameter 'placeHolder' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeHandler.java:55	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/errorcodes/ErrorCodeHandler.java:71	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/exception/CheckedException.java:8	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/exception/CheckedException.java:39	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/exception/RuntimeException.java:12	Document empty constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/exception/RuntimeException.java:12	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/exception/RuntimeException.java:43	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentBusinessInterface.java:13	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentBusinessInterface.java:13	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentBusinessInterface.java:15	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentBusinessInterface.java:15	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentBusinessInterface.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentBusinessInterface.java:19	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentBusinessInterface.java:19	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentBusinessInterface.java:19	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentGroupBusinessInterface.java:13	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentGroupBusinessInterface.java:13	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentGroupBusinessInterface.java:15	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentGroupBusinessInterface.java:15	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentGroupHome.java:14	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentGroupHome.java:14	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentHome.java:14	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/experiment/ExperimentHome.java:14	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/factory/caB2BFactory.java:19	Class names should begin with an uppercase character
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/factory/caB2BFactory.java:19	Class names should begin with an uppercase character
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/factory/caB2BFactory.java:31	Document empty constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/factory/caB2BFactory.java:41	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/factory/caB2BFactory.java:41	Singleton is not thread safe
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/factory/caB2BFactory.java:52	Parameter 'className' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/Locator.java:22	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/Locator.java:22	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/Locator.java:23	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/Locator.java:27	Document empty constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/Locator.java:34	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/Locator.java:34	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/Locator.java:54	Parameter 'ejbName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/Locator.java:54	Parameter 'homeClassForEJB' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/Locator.java:58	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/Locator.java:64	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/Locator.java:77	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/LocatorException.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.exception.CheckedException'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/LocatorException.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.exception.CheckedException'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/LocatorException.java:26	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/LocatorException.java:26	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/LocatorException.java:41	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/locator/LocatorException.java:41	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/queryengine/Cab2bQuery.java:7	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/queryengine/Cab2bQuery.java:11	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/queryengine/Cab2bQuery.java:24	Parameter 'outputClassUrls' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/queryengine/Cab2bQueryObjectFactory.java:5	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/queryengine/Cab2bQueryObjectFactory.java:9	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/queryengine/result/QueryResult.java:21	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/queryengine/result/QueryResult.java:21	Private field 'urlToRecords' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/queryengine/result/QueryResult.java:32	Parameter 'allRecords' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/queryengine/result/QueryResult.java:32	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/queryengine/result/QueryResult.java:40	Parameter 'attributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/queryengine/result/QueryResult.java:54	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Constants.java:15	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Constants.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like CLASS_WITH_DESCRIPTION
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Constants.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like ATTRIBUTE_WITH_DESCRIPTION
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Constants.java:25	Avoid variables with short names like PV
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Constants.java:25	Avoid variables with short names like PV
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Constants.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like BASED_ON_CONCEPT_CODE
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Constants.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like INLUDE_CLASSES_CLASS
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Constants.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like INLUDE_CLASSES_ATTRIBUTE
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:43	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:44	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:49	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:52	Avoid variables with short names like is
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:52	Avoid variables with short names like is
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:62	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:62	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:79	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'searchPattern'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:79	Parameter 'searchString' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:81	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:82	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:83	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'mat'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:91	Parameter 'entity' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:92	Avoid variables with short names like eg
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:92	Avoid variables with short names like eg
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:92	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:93	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:95	Local variable could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:108	Parameter 'entity' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:111	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:111	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:114	Avoid variables with short names like eg
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:115	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'eg'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:123	Parameter 'entity' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:126	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:160	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:162	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:164	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:166	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:168	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:176	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:176	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:200	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'de'
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:228	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:228	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String)
source/common/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/common/util/Utility.java:295	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ServerConstants.java:7	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ServerConstants.java:14	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.rmi.RemoteException'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.rmi.RemoteException'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:37	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:37	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:43	Document empty constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:68	Parameter 'basedOn' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:68	Parameter 'searchString' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:68	Parameter 'searchTarget' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:75	Avoid excessively long variable names like resultMatchedClass
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:75	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:78	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:81	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:102	Parameter 'basedOn' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:102	Parameter 'searchString' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:131	Avoid excessively long variable names like matchedClassForClasses
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:133	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeCollection
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:134	Avoid excessively long variable names like resultantMatchedClass
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:166	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:188	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:191	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:205	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:207	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:222	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:254	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeCollection
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:306	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:306	Avoid variables with short names like pV
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:306	Avoid variables with short names like pV
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:364	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:365	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:367	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:387	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:408	Avoid variables with short names like pV
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearch.java:408	Avoid variables with short names like pV
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/IAdvancedSearch.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.rmi.RemoteException'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/IAdvancedSearch.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.rmi.RemoteException'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/IAdvancedSearch.java:21	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/advancedsearch/IAdvancedSearch.java:21	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:61	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:63	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:64	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:65	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:67	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:72	Avoid excessively long variable names like originalAssociations
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:73	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeEntityMap
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:74	Avoid excessively long variable names like permissibleValueToEntityMap
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:79	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:94	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:94	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:108	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:109	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:111	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:115	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:115	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:117	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:117	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:121	Parameter 'entityGroups' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:134	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:134	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:153	Parameter 'entity' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:154	Avoid excessively long variable names like abstractAttributeCollection
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:154	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:162	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:185	Avoid excessively long variable names like stringPermissibleValue
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:185	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:203	Parameter 'semanticPropertyCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:211	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:229	Parameter 'entityCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:240	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:240	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:241	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:241	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:255	Parameter 'attributeCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:338	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:338	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:341	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:341	The String literal "Entity with given id is not present in cache : " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 341
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:341	The String literal "Entity with given id is not present in cache : " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 341
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:351	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:351	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:364	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/cache/EntityCache.java:398	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.rmi.RemoteException'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.rmi.RemoteException'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:31	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:45	Parameter 'category' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:49	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:49	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:51	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:51	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:62	Parameter 'con' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:62	Parameter 'entityId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:67	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:69	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:81	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:81	Parameter 'con' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:89	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:94	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:101	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:115	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:116	Avoid excessively long variable names like rootCategorialClass
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:116	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:119	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:134	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentCategorialClass
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryOperations.java:200	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'attributeSet'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:25	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:33	Parameter 'xmlFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:34	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:39	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:39	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:40	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:40	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:46	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:46	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:50	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:58	Parameter 'category' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:59	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:60	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:62	Avoid excessively long variable names like rootCategorialClass
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:63	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:88	Parameter 'categorialClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:93	Avoid excessively long variable names like inputCategorialClass
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:107	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:107	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:109	Avoid excessively long variable names like inputCategorialAttribute
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/CategoryXmlParser.java:109	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategorialAttribute.java:10	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategorialAttribute.java:19	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynamicExtAttribute
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategorialAttribute.java:31	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategorialAttribute.java:45	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynamicExtAttribute
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategorialAttribute.java:45	Parameter 'dynamicExtAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategorialClass.java:10	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategorialClass.java:36	Parameter 'attributeList' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategorialClass.java:50	Parameter 'children' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategorialClass.java:64	Parameter 'pathFromParent' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategory.java:10	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategory.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like rootCategorialClass
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategory.java:41	Avoid excessively long variable names like rootCategorialClass
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategory.java:41	Parameter 'rootCategorialClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategory.java:55	Parameter 'subCategories' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategory.java:69	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/InputCategory.java:83	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:44	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:44	The class 'PersistCategory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 22).
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:49	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:54	Avoid excessively long variable names like nameVsCategorialAttr
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:54	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:54	Private field 'nameVsCategorialAttr' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:65	Parameter 'inputCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:66	Parameter 'parentCategry' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:68	Avoid excessively long variable names like subCategoryEntities
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:68	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:69	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:72	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:74	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:74	Avoid variables with short names like p
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:74	Avoid variables with short names like p
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:74	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:80	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:88	Avoid excessively long variable names like domainObjectFactory
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:122	Avoid excessively long variable names like inputCategorialClass
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:122	Parameter 'inputCategorialClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:123	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:124	Parameter 'category' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:129	Avoid excessively long variable names like categorialAttributeSet
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:136	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:165	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'entityGroup'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:173	Avoid really long methods.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:173	The method 'getCopy' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:178	Switch statements should have a default label
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:178	Switch statements should have a default label
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:326	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:327	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:330	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:342	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:342	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:350	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:350	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:352	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/category/PersistCategory.java:354	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:9	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domain.Association'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:9	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domain.Association'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domain.Attribute'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domain.Attribute'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:11	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domain.DateAttributeTypeInformation'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:11	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domain.DateAttributeTypeInformation'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:13	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domain.Entity'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:13	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domain.Entity'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:14	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domain.StringAttributeTypeInformation'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:14	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.common.dynamicextensions.domain.StringAttributeTypeInformation'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:46	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:56	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:56	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:61	Avoid excessively long variable names like domainObjectFactory
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:61	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:61	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:66	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataListEntityGroup
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:66	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:66	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:75	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:75	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:81	Avoid excessively long variable names like mapOfNewAssociations
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:81	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:81	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:88	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataListAttributesMap
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:99	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:100	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:108	Parameter 'dataListId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:110	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:124	Parameter 'dataListToSave' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:127	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:130	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:138	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:140	Avoid excessively long variable names like valueDataRowsForThisType
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:156	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:161	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:181	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:187	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:210	Parameter 'srcEntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:210	Parameter 'tarEntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:236	Parameter 'associationType' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:299	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'treeLevel'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:305	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:338	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:414	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:416	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:418	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:420	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:422	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/datalist/DataListOperations.java:460	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AbstractStatelessSessionBean.java:18	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AbstractStatelessSessionBean.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AbstractStatelessSessionBean.java:19	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AbstractStatelessSessionBean.java:23	Document empty method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AbstractStatelessSessionBean.java:44	Document empty method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AbstractStatelessSessionBean.java:51	Parameter 'sessionContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:29	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.global.ApplicationProperties'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:29	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.global.ApplicationProperties'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:35	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:43	Avoid unused private fields such as 'sessionContext'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:43	Avoid unused private fields such as 'sessionContext'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:43	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:43	Perhaps 'sessionContext' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:45	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:54	Parameter 'searchString' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:54	Parameter 'searchTarget' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:55	Parameter 'basedOn' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:75	Parameter 'sessionContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:81	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:82	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:83	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:85	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:90	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:90	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:96	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvancedSearchSessionBean.java:96	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/EntityCacheSessionBean.java:20	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.exception.RuntimeException'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/EntityCacheSessionBean.java:20	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.common.exception.RuntimeException'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/EntityCacheSessionBean.java:22	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.global.ApplicationProperties'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/EntityCacheSessionBean.java:22	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.global.ApplicationProperties'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/EntityCacheSessionBean.java:28	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/EntityCacheSessionBean.java:32	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/EntityCacheSessionBean.java:32	Perhaps 'sessionContext' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/EntityCacheSessionBean.java:42	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/EntityCacheSessionBean.java:56	Parameter 'entityCache' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/EntityCacheSessionBean.java:72	Parameter 'cacheLoaded' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/EntityCacheSessionBean.java:84	Parameter 'entityCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/EntityCacheSessionBean.java:96	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeCollection
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/EntityCacheSessionBean.java:96	Parameter 'attributeCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/EntityCacheSessionBean.java:105	Parameter 'sessionContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/category/CategoryBean.java:15	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/category/CategoryBean.java:23	Parameter 'category' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/category/CategoryBean.java:32	Parameter 'entityId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/category/CategoryBean.java:33	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/category/CategoryBean.java:33	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/category/CategoryBean.java:46	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/category/CategoryBean.java:47	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/category/CategoryBean.java:47	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/category/CategoryBean.java:59	Parameter 'category' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/datalist/DataListBean.java:18	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/datalist/DataListBean.java:29	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/datalist/DataListBean.java:29	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/datalist/DataListBean.java:35	Parameter 'dataListId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/datalist/DataListBean.java:38	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/datalist/DataListBean.java:38	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/datalist/DataListBean.java:46	Parameter 'dataList' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/datalist/DataListBean.java:50	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathBuilderBean.java:21	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathBuilderBean.java:32	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathBuilderBean.java:32	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:26	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:39	Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:39	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:42	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:42	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:58	Parameter 'sourceEntityId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:59	Avoid excessively long variable names like interModelAssociations
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:60	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:60	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:74	Parameter 'entityId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:76	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:90	Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:92	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:92	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:110	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBean.java:110	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/queryengine/QueryEngineBean.java:9	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/queryengine/QueryEngineBean.java:14	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:7	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.ejb.EJBException'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:7	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.ejb.EJBException'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:8	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.ejb.SessionContext'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:8	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.ejb.SessionContext'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:14	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.logger.Logger'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:14	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.logger.Logger'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:21	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:32	Parameter 'sql' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:33	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:33	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:35	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:36	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'res'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:52	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:52	Parameter 'sql' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:53	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:53	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:55	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBean.java:56	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'res'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:30	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:30	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:35	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:35	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:45	Parameter 'arrayDesign' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:49	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:50	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:52	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:69	Parameter 'aDesign' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:77	Parameter 'dao' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:77	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:77	Parameter 'operation' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:79	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:80	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:100	Avoid variables with short names like ad
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:100	Avoid variables with short names like ad
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:109	Avoid unused local variables such as 'mChip'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:109	Avoid unused local variables such as 'mChip'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:115	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:115	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:119	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:119	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ArrayDesignSessionBean.java:143	Document empty method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:20	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.logger.Logger'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:20	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.common.util.logger.Logger'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:27	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:27	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:33	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:35	Parameter 'expGrp' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:41	Parameter 'identifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:43	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:43	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:44	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:45	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:46	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:46	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:53	Parameter 'dao' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:53	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:53	Parameter 'operation' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:55	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:56	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:71	Document empty method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentGroupSessionBean.java:96	Document empty method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:41	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:41	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:47	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:47	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:56	Parameter 'exp' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:71	Parameter 'exp' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:71	Parameter 'srcExpGrp' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:71	Parameter 'tarExpGrp' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:73	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:75	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:85	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:91	Use equals() to compare object references.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:91	Use equals() to compare object references.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:122	Parameter 'exp' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:124	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:127	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetExperimentGroup
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:127	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:143	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:143	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:143	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:145	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:145	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:145	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:171	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:171	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:173	Ensure that resources like this Statement object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:174	Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:175	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:175	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:178	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:194	Avoid empty catch blocks
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:194	Avoid empty catch blocks
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:206	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:206	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:217	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:217	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:231	Avoid unused local variables such as 'exp'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:231	Avoid unused local variables such as 'exp'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:234	Avoid unused local variables such as 'expGrp'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:234	Avoid unused local variables such as 'expGrp'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:244	Avoid excessively long variable names like firstLevelRootNodes
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:244	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:244	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:244	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:247	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:247	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:247	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:257	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:274	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:303	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:308	Avoid excessively long variable names like childsGroupChildren
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:371	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:400	Avoid unused local variables such as 'mExp'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:400	Avoid unused local variables such as 'mExp'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:401	Avoid unused local variables such as 'eGroup1'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:401	Avoid unused local variables such as 'eGroup1'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:402	Avoid unused local variables such as 'eGroup2'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:402	Avoid unused local variables such as 'eGroup2'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:417	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:417	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:420	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:420	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:445	Document empty method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/ExperimentSessionBean.java:449	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:26	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:26	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:32	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:40	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:40	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:40	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:44	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:58	Parameter 'expOrGrpId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:60	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:65	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:66	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:71	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:79	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:79	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:93	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:104	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:104	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:108	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:108	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:120	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:120	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:141	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MetadataSessionBean.java:147	Document empty method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MicroarrayChipSessionBean.java:25	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MicroarrayChipSessionBean.java:25	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MicroarrayChipSessionBean.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MicroarrayChipSessionBean.java:31	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MicroarrayChipSessionBean.java:40	Parameter 'micChip' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MicroarrayChipSessionBean.java:49	Parameter 'dao' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MicroarrayChipSessionBean.java:49	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MicroarrayChipSessionBean.java:49	Parameter 'operation' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MicroarrayChipSessionBean.java:52	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MicroarrayChipSessionBean.java:67	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MicroarrayChipSessionBean.java:68	Document empty method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/experiment/MicroarrayChipSessionBean.java:93	Document empty method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:31	Parameter 'umlAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:32	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:33	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:35	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:37	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:39	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:53	Parameter 'umlAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:75	Parameter 'umlAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:98	Parameter 'umlAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:107	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:107	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:121	Parameter 'umlAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:133	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:155	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:180	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:180	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:180	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:202	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:261	Avoid excessively long variable names like domainObjectFactory
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:296	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DataType.java:296	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParser.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParser.java:45	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParser.java:45	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParser.java:76	Avoid excessively long variable names like umlGeneralizations
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParser.java:76	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParser.java:79	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentIdVsChildrenIds
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParser.java:79	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParser.java:81	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParser.java:82	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParser.java:85	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParser.java:90	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:53	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:63	Avoid excessively long variable names like umlClassIdVsEntity
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:63	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:68	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:94	Overridable method 'createEntity' called during object construction
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:99	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentIdVsChildrenIds
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:101	Overridable method 'addAssociation' called during object construction
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:104	Overridable method 'processInheritance' called during object construction
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:105	Overridable method 'markInheritedAttributes' called during object construction
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:129	Parameter 'umlClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:130	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:131	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:136	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:137	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:157	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentIdVsChildrenIds
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:157	Parameter 'parentIdVsChildrenIds' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:157	Parameter 'umlAssociation' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:158	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:175	Avoid excessively long variable names like originalAssociationIdentifier
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:207	Parameter 'edge' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:223	Parameter 'cardinality' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:225	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:228	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:238	Avoid excessively long variable names like semanticMetadataArr
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:318	Avoid variables with short names like eg
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:318	Avoid variables with short names like eg
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:353	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:422	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:440	Document empty constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessor.java:444	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:14	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:14	Private field 'leftEntityId' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:19	Private field 'rightEntityId' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:24	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:24	Private field 'leftAttributeId' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:29	Private field 'rightAttributeId' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:77	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:77	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 70 characters appended
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:78	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer constructor or append()
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:78	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer constructor or append()
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:79	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer constructor or append()
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:79	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer constructor or append()
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/InterModelConnection.java:80	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer constructor or append()
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:61	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:65	Avoid excessively long variable names like shortNameVsEntityGroup
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:65	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:65	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:69	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:69	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:73	Avoid excessively long variable names like srcDesVsAssociations
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:73	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:81	Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:88	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:88	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:91	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:95	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:96	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:101	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:102	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:117	Parameter 'applicationName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:117	Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:117	Parameter 'xmlFilePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:122	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:135	Parameter 'applicationName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:150	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:163	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:163	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:165	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:165	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:178	Avoid excessively long variable names like allInterModelConnections
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:179	Avoid excessively long variable names like leftEntityCollection
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:180	Avoid excessively long variable names like rightEntityCollection
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:196	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:208	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:208	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:291	Avoid assigments in operands
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:314	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:316	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:318	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:330	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:330	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:349	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:349	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:350	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:350	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:351	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:386	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:396	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:396	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:418	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 82 characters appended
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:439	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:491	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:493	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:559	A signature (constructor or method) shouldn't have Exception in throws declaration
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:559	A signature (constructor or method) shouldn't have Exception in throws declaration
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:566	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:570	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathBuilder.java:570	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathConstants.java:9	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathConstants.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_TABLE_FOR_ENTITY
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathConstants.java:16	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathConstants.java:16	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathConstants.java:16	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathConstants.java:16	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathConstants.java:16	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathConstants.java:21	The String literal "user.home" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 21
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathConstants.java:21	The String literal "user.home" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 21
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathConstants.java:26	Avoid excessively long variable names like ASSOCIATION_FILE_NAME
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathConstants.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTER_MODEL_ASSOCIATION_FILE_NAME
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathConstants.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTRA_MODEL_ASSOCIATION_FILE_NAME
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathConstants.java:67	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTER_MODEL_ASSOCIATION_TYPE
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:49	Avoid excessively long variable names like interModelConnections
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:49	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:51	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:53	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:55	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:56	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:57	Avoid excessively long variable names like entitySetVsCuratedPath
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:57	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:61	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:61	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:80	Parameter 'con' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:80	Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:80	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:81	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:84	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:87	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:89	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:91	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:105	Parameter 'con' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:105	Parameter 'entitySet' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:162	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:162	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'pathList'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:176	Avoid excessively long variable names like pathsSrcToLeftEntity
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:176	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:177	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:178	Avoid excessively long variable names like pathRecordsSrcToLeftEntity
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:185	Avoid excessively long variable names like pathsRightEntityToDes
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:185	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:186	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:197	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:225	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:228	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:232	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:276	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:281	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:355	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:369	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:369	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:377	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:377	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:397	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:411	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:411	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:469	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:469	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:532	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:579	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:616	Document empty constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:633	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:634	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinder.java:637	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecord.java:13	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecord.java:13	Private field 'pathId' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecord.java:15	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecord.java:15	Private field 'firstEntityId' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecord.java:17	Avoid excessively long variable names like intermediateAssociations
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecord.java:17	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecord.java:17	Private field 'intermediateAssociations' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecord.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecord.java:19	Private field 'lastEntityId' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecord.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like intermediateAssociations
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecord.java:42	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PropertyLoader.java:9	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PropertyLoader.java:15	Parameter 'applicationName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PropertyLoader.java:16	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PropertyLoader.java:27	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PropertyLoader.java:34	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:19	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:21	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:21	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:23	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:25	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:25	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:27	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like getPathsOnIgnoringNodes
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:29	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name with the same name as a method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:31	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name with the same name as a method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:45	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:46	Avoid variables with short names like rs
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:46	Avoid variables with short names like rs
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:50	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:51	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:52	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:53	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:54	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:59	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:59	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:64	Avoid empty catch blocks
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:64	Avoid empty catch blocks
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:80	Parameter 'ignoredNodes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:80	Parameter 'paths' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:80	Parameter 'sdp' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:84	Avoid excessively long variable names like sizeOfIgnoredNodes
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:97	Avoid unused private methods such as 'execute(PreparedStatement,Object)'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:97	Avoid unused private methods such as 'execute(PreparedStatement,Object)'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:97	Avoid variables with short names like ps
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:97	Avoid variables with short names like ps
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:97	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:97	Parameter 'ps' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:111	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:111	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:132	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:132	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:149	Avoid variables with short names like s
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:149	Ensure that resources like this Statement object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:157	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:157	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:181	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'databaseId'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:181	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'databaseId'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:207	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:210	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:219	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:228	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:242	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:242	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:274	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:279	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:282	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/DatabaseCache.java:282	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:14	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:14	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:14	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:14	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:15	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:15	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:15	Private field 'graph' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:47	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:48	Overridable method 'addNode' called during object construction
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:53	Overridable method 'addAdjacentNode' called during object construction
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:59	Parameter 'fromNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:59	Parameter 'toNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:66	Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:70	Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:72	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:81	Parameter 'fromNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:83	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:100	Object clone() should be implemented with super.clone()
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:100	Object clone() should be implemented with super.clone()
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:101	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:104	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:127	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:134	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:137	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Graph.java:139	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:16	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:17	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:17	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:17	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:17	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:17	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix). variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:19	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:19	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:21	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:33	Parameter 'adjacencyMatrix' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:33	The user-supplied array 'adjacencyMatrix' is stored directly
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:34	Parameter 'replicationNodes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:35	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:37	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:46	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:54	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:54	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:58	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:58	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:71	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:79	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:84	Parameter 'sdp' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:85	Parameter 'nodesToIgnore' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:94	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:109	Avoid excessively long variable names like pathsFromInterToDest
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:110	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinder.java:116	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderCache.java:5	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderCache.java:6	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:11	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:13	Avoid excessively long variable names like ignoredNodesToPaths
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:13	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:13	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:15	Parameter 'ignoredNodes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:15	Parameter 'paths' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:19	Parameter 'ignoredNodes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:23	Parameter 'ignoredNodes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:32	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:39	Parameter 'ignoredNodes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:41	Avoid excessively long variable names like pathsOnIgnoringNodes
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:49	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:51	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:62	Avoid excessively long variable names like pathsOnIgnoringNodes
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:62	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:64	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:66	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:77	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:79	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:85	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/MemoryCache.java:100	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Node.java:9	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Node.java:9	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Node.java:9	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Node.java:9	Private field 'id' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Node.java:11	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Node.java:11	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Node.java:15	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Node.java:17	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Node.java:20	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Node.java:22	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:35	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:37	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:39	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:39	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name with the same name as a method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:39	Perhaps 'hashCode' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:54	Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:60	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:62	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:80	Parameter 'origVal' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:80	Parameter 'replacement' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:82	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:85	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:88	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:90	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:114	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:116	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:121	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:134	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:135	Avoid variables with short names like s
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:135	Avoid variables with short names like s
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:137	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:137	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:139	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/Path.java:139	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:9	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:10	Parameter 'inputPaths' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:10	Parameter 'replicationNodes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:13	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:16	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:17	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:20	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:20	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:27	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:41	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:41	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:41	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:45	Parameter 'origNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:45	Parameter 'repNodes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:55	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathReplicationUtil.java:60	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:8	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:9	Avoid excessively long variable names like END_NODES_DELIMITER
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:9	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:11	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:13	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTERMEDIATE_NODES_DELIMITER
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:13	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:15	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:18	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:18	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:18	Variables should start with a lowercase character variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:20	Parameter 'nodeTags' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:20	Parameter 'paths' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:22	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:25	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:26	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:27	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:27	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:29	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:41	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:49	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:60	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:60	System.out.print is used
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/PathToFileWriter.java:64	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/SourceDestinationPair.java:6	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/SourceDestinationPair.java:6	Private field 'srcNode' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/SourceDestinationPair.java:8	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/SourceDestinationPair.java:8	Private field 'destNode' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/SourceDestinationPair.java:10	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/SourceDestinationPair.java:10	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name with the same name as a method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/SourceDestinationPair.java:10	Perhaps 'hashCode' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/SourceDestinationPair.java:25	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/SourceDestinationPair.java:27	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/SourceDestinationPair.java:30	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/SourceDestinationPair.java:32	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:14	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:17	Avoid excessively long variable names like queryResultsCollection
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:17	Parameter 'queryResultsCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:18	Parameter 'attributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:19	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:22	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:23	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:23	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:25	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:25	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:28	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:32	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:32	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:40	Parameter 'singleRecordXml' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/DCQLResultsTransformer.java:41	Parameter 'attributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/QueryExecutor.java:25	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/QueryExecutor.java:33	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/QueryExecutor.java:34	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/QueryExecutor.java:36	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/QueryExecutor.java:37	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/QueryExecutor.java:41	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/QueryExecutor.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like resultsTransformer
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/QueryExecutor.java:44	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/QueryExecutor.java:57	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/QueryExecutor.java:60	Avoid excessively long variable names like federatedQueryEngine
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/QueryExecutor.java:67	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/QueryExecutor.java:67	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/QueryExecutor.java:73	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:39	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:39	The class 'CategoryPreprocessor' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:40	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:42	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like entityIdToCategory
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:44	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:44	Perhaps 'entityIdToCategory' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:44	Private field 'entityIdToCategory' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:48	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:62	Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:63	Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:63	Parameter 'masterEntryPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:71	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:72	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:74	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:75	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:88	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:88	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:92	Parameter 'catExprIds' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:101	Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:102	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:139	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:139	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:150	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:179	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:218	Avoid excessively long variable names like clonedRootCatClass
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:223	Avoid excessively long variable names like currOrigCatClasses
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:225	Avoid excessively long variable names like currClonedCatClasses
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:229	Avoid excessively long variable names like nextOrigCatClasses
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:229	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:230	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:284	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:310	The method 'transformCategoryExpression' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:351	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:353	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:356	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:442	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'parentExpr'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:465	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'parentExpr'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:534	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/CategoryPreprocessor.java:559	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:71	Avoid excessively long variable names like constrainByParentExpressions
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:71	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name with the same name as a method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:71	Variables that are final and static should be in all caps. variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:71	Variables that are final and static should be in all caps. variable {1} should begin with {2}
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:84	Parameter 'rootExpr' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:89	Overridable method 'setConstraints' called during object construction
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:91	Overridable method 'setRootExpr' called during object construction
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:96	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:98	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:106	Avoid excessively long variable names like processedExpressions
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:106	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:111	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:111	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:116	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:130	Parameter 'childExprId' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:131	Parameter 'parentExprIds' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:132	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:151	Avoid excessively long variable names like associationConstraint
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:170	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:170	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:176	Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:178	Avoid excessively long variable names like dcqlConstraintsList
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:200	Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:201	Avoid excessively long variable names like dcqlConstraintsList
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:203	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:206	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:373	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:376	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:436	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilder.java:494	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:13	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:14	Avoid excessively long variable names like expressionToConstraintMap
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:14	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:14	Perhaps 'expressionToConstraintMap' could be replaced by a local variable.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:14	Private field 'expressionToConstraintMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like classToDcqlConstraintsMap
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:16	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:16	Private field 'classToDcqlConstraintsMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:25	Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:29	Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:30	Parameter 'dcqlConstraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like addConstraintToClass
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:31	Parameter 'addConstraintToClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:40	Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:53	Avoid excessively long variable names like dcqlConstraintsList
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:54	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:71	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:73	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:75	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:78	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:81	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ConstraintsBuilderResult.java:83	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:31	Overridable method 'setConnectors' called during object construction
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:32	Overridable method 'setConstraints' called during object construction
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:51	Parameter 'numConns' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:52	Parameter 'logicalOperator' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:53	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:71	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:81	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:82	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:86	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:108	Use equals() to compare object references.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:108	Use equals() to compare object references.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:112	Avoid variables with short names like i
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:112	Avoid variables with short names like i
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:112	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:127	Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/GroupBuilder.java:142	Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:19	Private field 'group' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:29	Parameter 'logicalOperator' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:35	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:37	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:39	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:41	Avoid excessively long variable names like foreignAssociations
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:41	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:71	Parameter 'association' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:77	Parameter 'attribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:83	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:91	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:97	Avoid excessively long variable names like foreignAssociation
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:97	Parameter 'foreignAssociation' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:104	Switch statements should have a default label
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:104	Switch statements should have a default label
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:106	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeConstraint
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:106	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:111	Avoid excessively long variable names like localAssociationConstraint
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:111	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:116	Avoid excessively long variable names like foreignAssociationConstraint
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:116	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:121	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:133	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:134	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:135	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:140	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:150	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:153	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:156	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:159	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/MyGroup.java:162	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:30	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:34	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:37	Avoid excessively long variable names like LOG_FILE_NAME_PREFIX
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:44	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:45	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:46	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:47	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:50	Avoid excessively long variable names like constraintsBuilder
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:50	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:53	Avoid excessively long variable names like constraintsBuilderResult
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:53	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:68	Parameter 'masterEntry' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:69	Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:70	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:76	Parameter 'targetObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:77	Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:81	Switch statements should have a default label
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:81	Switch statements should have a default label
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:83	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeConstraint
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:88	Avoid excessively long variable names like localAssociationConstraint
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:125	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/QueryBuilder.java:125	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/AbstractAssociationConstraint.java:3	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/AbstractAssociationConstraint.java:3	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/AbstractAssociationConstraint.java:3	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/AbstractAssociationConstraint.java:3	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/AttributeConstraint.java:13	Overridable method 'setAttribute' called during object construction
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/AttributeConstraint.java:20	Parameter 'attribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/DcqlConstraint.java:32	Parameter 'constraintType' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/DcqlConstraint.java:50	Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/ForeignAssociationConstraint.java:5	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/ForeignAssociationConstraint.java:5	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/ForeignAssociationConstraint.java:5	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/ForeignAssociationConstraint.java:5	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/ForeignAssociationConstraint.java:11	Avoid excessively long variable names like foreignAssociation
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/ForeignAssociationConstraint.java:13	Overridable method 'setForeignAssociation' called during object construction
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/ForeignAssociationConstraint.java:20	Avoid excessively long variable names like foreignAssociation
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/ForeignAssociationConstraint.java:20	Parameter 'foreignAssociation' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/ForeignAssociationConstraint.java:25	Parameter 'childConstraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/ForeignAssociationConstraint.java:26	Switch statements should have a default label
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/ForeignAssociationConstraint.java:26	Switch statements should have a default label
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/ForeignAssociationConstraint.java:47	Object clone() should be implemented with super.clone()
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/ForeignAssociationConstraint.java:47	Object clone() should be implemented with super.clone()
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/GroupConstraint.java:13	Overridable method 'setGroup' called during object construction
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/GroupConstraint.java:20	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/LocalAssociationConstraint.java:5	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/LocalAssociationConstraint.java:5	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/LocalAssociationConstraint.java:5	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/LocalAssociationConstraint.java:5	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/LocalAssociationConstraint.java:13	Overridable method 'setLocalAssociation' called during object construction
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/LocalAssociationConstraint.java:20	Parameter 'association' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/LocalAssociationConstraint.java:25	Parameter 'childConstraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/LocalAssociationConstraint.java:26	Switch statements should have a default label
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/LocalAssociationConstraint.java:26	Switch statements should have a default label
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/LocalAssociationConstraint.java:45	Object clone() should be implemented with super.clone()
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/constraints/LocalAssociationConstraint.java:45	Object clone() should be implemented with super.clone()
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/utils/TransformerUtil.java:12	Avoid excessively long variable names like logicalOperatorMap
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/utils/TransformerUtil.java:14	Avoid excessively long variable names like relationalOperatorMap
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/utils/TransformerUtil.java:44	Document empty constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/utils/TransformerUtil.java:49	Parameter 'logicalOperator' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/utils/TransformerUtil.java:54	Avoid excessively long variable names like relationalOperator
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/utils/TransformerUtil.java:54	Parameter 'relationalOperator' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/utils/TreeNode.java:9	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/utils/TreeNode.java:17	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/utils/TreeNode.java:18	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/utils/TreeNode.java:31	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/utils/TreeNode.java:49	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/ConnectionUtil.java:20	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/ConnectionUtil.java:30	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/ConnectionUtil.java:33	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/ConnectionUtil.java:33	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/ConnectionUtil.java:36	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/ConnectionUtil.java:37	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/ConnectionUtil.java:41	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/ConnectionUtil.java:41	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/ConnectionUtil.java:45	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/ConnectionUtil.java:55	Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/ConnectionUtil.java:84	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:28	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:37	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'entity'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:37	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'entity'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:38	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:46	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:46	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:49	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:49	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:61	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'entityGroup'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:61	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'entityGroup'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:62	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:70	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:85	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:85	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:85	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:89	The String literal "Expected associations are not found in the database" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:89	The String literal "Expected associations are not found in the database" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:100	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:100	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:100	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:102	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:103	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'association'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:116	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:116	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:117	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:127	Parameter 'attributeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:127	Parameter 'entityName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:144	Avoid excessively long variable names like semanticMetadataArr
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:148	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/DynamicExtensionUtility.java:196	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:16	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:22	Parameter 'abstractAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:25	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:36	Parameter 'attribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:38	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:41	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:61	Parameter 'association' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:63	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:65	Avoid excessively long variable names like originalAssociationPointer
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:72	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:72	Position literals first in String comparisons
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:73	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:73	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:75	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:76	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'actualAssociation'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:79	Parameter 'association' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:80	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtil.java:88	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.rmi.RemoteException'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.rmi.RemoteException'
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:21	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:30	Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:30	Parameter 'sql' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:31	Ensure that resources like this Statement object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:40	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:40	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:57	Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:57	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:57	Parameter 'sql' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:60	Avoid variables with short names like rs
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:60	Avoid variables with short names like rs
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:60	Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:86	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:86	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:120	Avoid variables with short names like rs
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:120	Avoid variables with short names like rs
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:120	Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:120	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:123	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:127	Avoid variables with short names like rs
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:128	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:129	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:132	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:139	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
source/server/main/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/SQLQueryUtil.java:141	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:22	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like advancedSearchBusinessInterface
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:32	A signature (constructor or method) shouldn't have Exception in throws declaration
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:32	A signature (constructor or method) shouldn't have Exception in throws declaration
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:44	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:45	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:45	The String literal "ParticipantMedicalIdentifier" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 45
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:45	The String literal "ParticipantMedicalIdentifier" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 45
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:48	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:49	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:50	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:53	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:53	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:55	The String literal "RemoteException : " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 55
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:55	The String literal "RemoteException : " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 55
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:70	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:70	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:88	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:177	Parameter 'basedOn' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:177	Parameter 'searchString' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:177	Parameter 'searchTarget' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/AdvanceSearchSessionBeanTest.java:179	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'matchedClass'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:21	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:22	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:22	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:37	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:38	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:57	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:57	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:61	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:61	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:63	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:63	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:64	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:68	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:69	Avoid variables with short names like em
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:69	Avoid variables with short names like em
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:69	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:74	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:74	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:77	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderBeanTest.java:77	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderFetchPathRecordsTest.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.rmi.RemoteException'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderFetchPathRecordsTest.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.rmi.RemoteException'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderFetchPathRecordsTest.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.server.ejb.path.PathFinderBean'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderFetchPathRecordsTest.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'edu.wustl.cab2b.server.ejb.path.PathFinderBean'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderFetchPathRecordsTest.java:10	No need to import a type that's in the same package
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderFetchPathRecordsTest.java:10	No need to import a type that's in the same package
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderFetchPathRecordsTest.java:17	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderFetchPathRecordsTest.java:18	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderFetchPathRecordsTest.java:18	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderFetchPathRecordsTest.java:38	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderFetchPathRecordsTest.java:59	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderFetchPathRecordsTest.java:59	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderFetchPathRecordsTest.java:59	assertTrue(true) or similar statements are unnecessary
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/path/PathFinderFetchPathRecordsTest.java:59	assertTrue(true) or similar statements are unnecessary
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:18	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:19	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:27	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:37	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:42	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:42	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:45	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:45	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:48	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:48	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:50	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:52	Avoid variables with short names like rs
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:52	Avoid variables with short names like rs
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:56	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:56	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:63	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:63	Avoid variables with short names like id
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:63	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:64	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:65	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:65	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/ejb/sqlquery/SQLQueryBeanTest.java:66	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:21	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:28	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:29	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:34	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:34	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:42	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:42	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:46	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:46	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:49	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:51	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:52	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:54	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:54	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:55	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:55	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:56	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:61	Parameter 'modelElement' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:61	Parameter 'xpathExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:67	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelParserTest.java:67	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:12	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:19	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like p
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like p
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:20	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like e1
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like e1
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:21	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like e2
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:22	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:23	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:33	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:33	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:36	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:36	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/DomainModelProcessorTest.java:39	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:21	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:25	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:26	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:27	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:27	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:31	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:32	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like e1
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like e1
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:34	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:45	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:45	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:52	Avoid variables with short names like e0
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:52	Avoid variables with short names like e0
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:55	Avoid variables with short names like e2
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:69	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:173	Parameter 'association' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:195	Avoid excessively long variable names like returnedAssociation
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:195	Parameter 'expected' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathFinderTest.java:195	Parameter 'returnedAssociation' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecordTest.java:8	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecordTest.java:9	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecordTest.java:9	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecordTest.java:17	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecordTest.java:18	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecordTest.java:18	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecordTest.java:19	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecordTest.java:19	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecordTest.java:20	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/PathRecordTest.java:29	Document empty method
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:15	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:16	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:16	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:18	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:18	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:20	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:20	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:27	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:29	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:29	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:34	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:35	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:35	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:42	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:43	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:44	Avoid variables with short names like p
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:44	Avoid variables with short names like p
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:44	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:52	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:55	Avoid variables with short names like p
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:55	Avoid variables with short names like p
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:108	Avoid variables with short names like s
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:183	Parameter 'matrix' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:187	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:218	Parameter 'bigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:218	Parameter 'smaller' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/path/pathgen/GraphPathFinderTest.java:225	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:16	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:16	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:16	This abstract class does not have any abstract methods
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:18	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:26	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:26	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:28	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:29	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:31	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:32	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:35	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:36	Avoid variables with short names like ch
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:36	Avoid variables with short names like ch
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:45	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:49	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:49	Avoid throwing raw exception types
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:53	Parameter 'existingFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:53	Parameter 'newFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:63	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:63	Avoid variables with short names like c
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:66	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:67	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:76	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:76	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:78	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:78	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:80	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/base/BaseQueryEngineTestUtil.java:80	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/BaseQueryBuilderTestUtil.java:5	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/BaseQueryBuilderTestUtil.java:5	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/BaseQueryBuilderTestUtil.java:5	This abstract class does not have any abstract methods
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/BaseQueryBuilderTestUtil.java:6	This final field could be made static
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/BaseQueryBuilderTestUtil.java:8	This final field could be made static
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/BaseQueryBuilderTestUtil.java:10	Avoid unused private fields such as 'RES'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/BaseQueryBuilderTestUtil.java:10	Avoid unused private fields such as 'RES'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ForeignAssociationTest.java:4	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ForeignAssociationTest.java:5	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/ForeignAssociationTest.java:5	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/NonRootOutputTest.java:4	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/NonRootOutputTest.java:5	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/NonRootOutputTest.java:5	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputMultipleExpressionsTest.java:4	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputMultipleExpressionsTest.java:5	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputMultipleExpressionsTest.java:5	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputMultipleExpressionsTest.java:77	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputMultipleExpressionsTest.java:77	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:10	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:12	Avoid unused private fields such as 'exprId'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:12	Avoid unused private fields such as 'exprId'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:14	Avoid unused private fields such as 'output'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:14	Avoid unused private fields such as 'output'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:18	Avoid unused private fields such as 'urls'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:18	Avoid unused private fields such as 'urls'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:30	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:30	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:72	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'constraints'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:72	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'constraints'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:72	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'expectedTarget'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:72	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'expectedTarget'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:72	Avoid unused private methods such as 'check(IConstraints,Object)'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:72	Avoid unused private methods such as 'check(IConstraints,Object)'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:72	Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:72	Parameter 'expectedTarget' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:90	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:90	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:108	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'attrName'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:108	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'attrName'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:108	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'predicate'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:108	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'predicate'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:108	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'val'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:108	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'val'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:108	Avoid unused private methods such as 'createDcqlAttribute(String,Predicate,String)'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:108	Avoid unused private methods such as 'createDcqlAttribute(String,Predicate,String)'
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:108	Parameter 'attrName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:108	Parameter 'predicate' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:109	Parameter 'val' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:110	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/OneOutputOneExpressionTest.java:118	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/RelationalOperatorTest.java:4	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/RelationalOperatorTest.java:5	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/RelationalOperatorTest.java:5	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/RelationalOperatorTest.java:23	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/RelationalOperatorTest.java:23	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/queryengine/querybuilders/dcql/RelationalOperatorTest.java:41	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:10	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like e1
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like e1
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:17	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like e2
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like e2
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:18	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:19	Avoid variables with short names like e3
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:19	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:21	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:22	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:22	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:23	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:23	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:27	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:30	JUnit assertions should include a message
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:49	assertTrue(true) or similar statements are unnecessary
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/InheritanceUtilTest.java:49	assertTrue(true) or similar statements are unnecessary
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:13	Each class should declare at least one constructor
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:14	Parameter 'attrName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:14	Parameter 'entityName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:14	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:15	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like a
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like a
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:16	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:19	Avoid variables with short names like e1
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:19	Avoid variables with short names like e1
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:19	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:29	Parameter 'attrName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:29	Parameter 'entityName' is not assigned and could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:30	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like a
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:31	Local variable could be declared final
source/server/test/edu/wustl/cab2b/server/util/TestUtil.java:77	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.